Hi everyone. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how you can do keyword research for your Amazon FBA products using Helium 10 step by step. Before I get started, real quick, I want to introduce myself for those who don't know me. I am Diana. I am a mom myself and three years ago I was looking for a way to make extra income online so I can stay home with my baby boy and help with paying the bills. I have found Amazon FBA and I learned everything I can on how to sell on Amazon. Now I make $10,000 per month selling free products and I'm doing this for over three years now. I work just five hours per week and now I want to help you do the same because I know how important it is for you to be able to stay home with your baby. On my YouTube channel, I share strategies and tips, everything Amazon, e-commerce, and some motivational self-development videos. So, make sure you are subscribed with a bell notification turned on so you don't miss any of the videos. If you have found this video helpful, at the end of the video, please give me a thumbs up. This will help my channel grow and show it to other moms. So, let's get straight to it. Before I show you the exact steps and tools, it's really important to understand why keyword research is such an important thing. When you launch a product on Amazon, it's very important to have organic ranking. So when people search for your product using a keywords or a phrase, then you are on the top of the search results. To do that, you need a list of relevant high volume keywords that your potential customers are already typing into Amazon. You will use those keywords to write your product listing and also to run the pay-per-click campaigns to get the sales and rank faster. So I will show you how to find those keywords using magnet and cerebro tools in Helium 10. So before we dive into the keyword research, I want to quickly mention the tool that I'm using to to do keyword research and also to do my product research. So the tool is called Helium 10. If you are a busy mom, you don't have hours to spend to look for the keywords to use on your product listing. Helium 10 can save you time and also you can avoid the beginner mistakes. It gives you all the data in one place. I also used Helium 10 to find my free profitable products that I'm already selling on Amazon. So they have this offer 35% off for the first six months. It's until the end of August. So if you want that I can link this um website in the description. I personally use it. I personally use Helium 10 every day in my business. I use it for product research to optimize my ads uh to also store all the important keywords and to track the keywords. I also use it to optimize my product listing with the keywords and also for product research at the beginning. I will link I will leave the link in the description for Helium 10 so you can get it while it's 35% off and do all the product research and keyword research and then if you want you can just cancel it. So there are two tools that I use uh in Helium 10. One is called magnet and you can find it under tools keyword research and magnet tool. The other tool is called cerebro and I will also show you this tool later. Okay. So now we start with the magnet tool. So here you put the keyword. For example, if you want to sell chair headrest attachment. Okay. And you click the get keywords. It will find you suggestions of keywords that are related to this chair head attachment keyword. Okay. We have 1,100 keywords. That's quite a lot. So, we can narrow it down. So, let's first set the search volume to minimum 500. Everything below 500, it's just not it's just that people are not searching um a lot for those keywords. Okay. So, I tend to stay um above 500 search volume. And let's see if if it narrows if it's the list is a little bit smaller. Okay. 159 keywords. This is a list of keywords that we can work with. Okay. So first first you here you see several columns. Okay. And I focus on the three columns here. the search volume, the magnet IQ score and also the CPR. So here the search volume you can just put it in the descending order. So this search volume is very very high. I don't recommend using those keywords uh as a beginner. Okay, one word keywords are very competitive and I they are also very costly if you want to do pay-per-click ads. So as a beginner I recommend you to start with two word keywords and also the free word keywords. But here the search volume is too high. So for the beginners if you want to start with a lower budget especially then I recommend to start with the keywords until 10,000 volume. Okay. So we can also actually here put the maximum volume 10,000. So here are the keywords that we can work with. So first you need to check if those keywords are relevant to your product. Some of those might not be relevant. So you can just um delete them. Okay. Cute desk chair. This is not so relevant because we are selling the chair headrest. Memory foam also not car pillow. No, it's not for a car. Mesh office chair. Not really. Desk chair. Ergonomic office chair. Back support. Comfy chair. Comfy office chair. Ergonomic chair pillow. Okay. Uh plain pillow. No. So you need to just go through this and leave delete those that are not relevant to your product. Okay. Then we have the magnet IQ score. So the magnet IQ score is a ratio. It's the ratio of the search volume versus the number of competing products. So the higher the magnet IQ score, the highest number of searches and the lowest number of competitors. So we can also here put it in the descending order. So here those uh keywords uh can be very useful to start with if you want to start with pay-per-click campaigns because they are not that competitive. Also another thing to mention here I like to remove the brand uh branded keywords. So Herman Miller I think it's a brand so need to remove those also. Dexl might also be a brand. So just remove everything that you that you know are branded keywords. Okay. Another thing here that you can look at is the CPR score. So CPR is the estimated number of units that you need to sell over the eight days to be on the to rank on the top of the half uh on the top half of page one on top half of page one for this keyword. Okay. So the lower the number the better. I usually want to see here numbers below 28. So 11 is very good. But this is actually not a keyword that we want to focus on. Okay. So 10 for example here 12 uh 27. Okay. Those keywords uh we can also focus on. So if you then when you create the list of keywords here remove all those that are not relevant. You can export this um export this data as a CSV file or or Excel file. I use the Excel file and then I use the Google Excel sheet to uh to export those keywords to. Okay. So I first export um the keyword with the search volume in a descending order. So let's do that. Export Excel file. And we can just open here a new spreadsheet. Import here your Excel file. And here we have all the keywords from Magnet Helium 10. Okay. And now what I usually do is I choose the keywords, a few keywords from the search volume above 5,000. So, the highest search volume, a few keywords with the search volume between 1,000 and 5,000, and a few keywords with the search volume below 1,000. So, I have like 10 keywords from each range. And I like to do it um I like to choose the ones that are most relevant. And when I do it, I just uh here put some color. So, I cho I choose the ones now with the search volume above 5,000 and I just continue. Okay. And then I will do the same with the ones uh below 5,000 in a different color. Okay. And now those below uh 1,000 also in a different color. So this is one way of creating um your keyword using the magnet search tool, magnet keyword research tool in helium 10. So now that you have a basic keyword list, this will help you show up in Amazon search results and also run better ads. But but let's take it deeper and I will show you another method. So let's go back to Helium 10. And now we will use the cerebra tool in keyword research. Okay, for this tool I need uh I want to compare I want to put the asins of my top five competitors here. Okay, so I go to Amazon and I use the Helium 10 extension tool, Amazon uh keyword research X-ray tool, product research X-ray tool. And here I sort by the revenue as revenue. So from the highest to the lowest and I always choose the products that are similar to what uh I want to sell. So this is not similar. This one this is a little bit different. Okay. So this is similar. So I choose this one. This is also similar. This one is also similar. And this one. Okay. So the ones with the highest search volume the most similar to your product and I just here click here run cerebro. So will it will automatically open the cerebro for me and I automatically put the asins here. If you don't have the Chrome extension, then you can just go here and manually uh see the ones that are most relevant to you and uh click on the product. Click on the product here and you can find the ASIN under item details here. But if you have the Helium 10, then the Chrome extension is free is free tool for you. So you might as well use it. It's much quicker. Where where we have it here. Okay. So now I want to put some filters. So minimum search volume as we were were with the magnet tool. So minimum 500. So the position the rank of the keyword. So I first want to look at the top keywords. Okay. So I usually put the rank 40 here. I want to see um for what keywords those competitors ranked on the uh half uh top of page one and click apply filters. Okay. So we have 125 keywords. So if you have too many keywords, you can also put the ranking competitor count filter. So here, so this filter, if I put for example free, at least three competitors. So this tells me that at least three competitors are ranking for those keywords. Let's apply the filters. And here I have only 27 keywords. So this is much better. And when you scroll here, you can see the competitor count ranking. So here at least three competitors ranked for this keyword chair headrest. Here at least three competitors ranked for the headdress for office chair. So this is an important keyword that you should focus on. The more competitors are ranking for this keyword, the better. You can also set the filter to two if you have not enough keywords. So here we have a list and we can also export it as the Excel file. And this list is a list of highly relevant keywords that your competitors are ranking for and that you also need to rank for those keywords if you want to be on the top of the page one. So manually go through this list, select those that are branded. So here I see Herman Miller and select uh delete those that are branded and also delete those that are not relevant to your product and then you can export this list to Excel file. So you can also here put the search volume in a descending order and you can export this seat as the Excel file. You can open the new spreadsheet and import the file. So we have those 27 keywords from uh sorted with the search volume highest to the lowest. And you do the same as you did for the previous Excel sheet. So you choose some of those that have the highest search volume like two or three and the ones with the lower search volume below 5,000 and ones with the search volume below 1,000. So when you have those two keywords list then you can combine them into one. So you can just copy the um you can just copy the keywords that you have chosen before, right? And you can put them in the new uh Excel sheet. And this way you will have the uh keywords that are relevant to your product and that you can use for uh pro uh for for putting on your product listing and also in your pay-per-click ads. So now I will show you my bonus method of how I like to do my keyword research and also uh a method to organize those keywords and choose the ones that I want to focus on. And I'm using Chat GPD for this. So let's jump straight to it. So I choose the comp free I choose free competitors on Amazon that are most relevant to my product and that are direct competitors to my potential product. Okay. So, I chose this one, this one, and this one. So, what I like to do now is I like to go and print this and save as PDF and click save and do this for each of those um competitors. Okay. When I do that, I then like to save those pages also. So click here cast save and share save page as click web page single file. Okay and click save. So do that for all those three uh pages of your top 10 competitors. Then also go back to your Excel um keywords list that you have and click file and download as the Microsoft Excel. Okay, you will have all those files prepared. So now I go to chat GPT and here is the prompt that I use. I'm preparing a search term list for my chair address attachment product listing on Amazon. So here you will put your main uh keyword, your product name. Attached is a list of potential search term for my product chair address attachment with various data about each one. I'm also uploading a PDF and complete web page file showing the Amazon product detail pages for each of the top three competitors or Amazon. I would like you to analyze these search terms based upon the data in that file. analyze the top three competitors to see how they are using search terms in the product detail pages and then tell me the top 20 to 30 search terms I should focus on to help increase my chances of success when I launch this product. Be sure to look at the top three competitors in order to see which search term they are using. So I tell CHP to tell me the top 20 to 30 search terms that I should focus on based on the um based on my competitors. So here you need to attach the files all the files that so the PDFs the web pages that we saved and also the excel sheet. So here I attached all the files. I'm just waiting for them to download and also my spreadsheet. So PDF files, the web page file that we saved. Okay. And now um I click Okay. Now charge told me that he found all those pages PDFs also he found my search term list. He asked me do you want me to focus on high volume keywords only or should I consider also low competition and longtail keywords. So let's focus on high volume, medium volume and low volume keywords. So now he put the top keywords to use 25 keywords. These are these are the high volume keywords, the medium volume keywords and low volume keywords. So medium volume he defined as from 500 to 2,000. You can tell him to define it from five from 1,000 to 5,000. Right? And now you have a list of the keywords that you can use for your product listing pages and also for the pay-per-click campaigns. In this video, I showed you how to do beginner friendly Amazon keyword research using the helium 10 tool, the magnet cerebro and also the chart GPT. This way you can find the best keywords for your product listing and also for your pay-per-click campaigns. If you like this video and if it was helpful, please give me a thumbs up. This will help my channel grow and show it to more moms. And also subscribe to my channel if you want to see other Amazon related videos and also self-development videos. Do you have any questions? If you have, please drop them in the comments below. I always read and reply to all the comments. Also, let me know what other videos would you like me to make. And don't forget the Helium 10 special offer, 35% off until the end of August. Don't forget to grab my free list of 30 beginner friendly product ideas that you can sell on Amazon. There's a link in the description. Thank you for watching. Bye.