You know how most people chase the same KDP niches over and over? Think journals, planners, and coloring books. But what if I told you there's one niche hardly anyone's talking about, and it quietly sells all year long. It's not flashy. It's not trendy. In fact, most people avoid it because it's connected to something we all struggle with. But that's exactly what makes this niche so interesting. See, while everyone else is fighting over the same saturated ideas, this one is actually wide open. It has low competition, high demand, and the best part is that it's evergreen, meaning people need it in January just as much as they need it in July or December. So, in this video, I'm going to break down what makes this niche work, why it's perfect for both new and experienced publishers, and how you can start creating this book without having to start it from scratch, because we all know how difficult that can be. Now, if this is your first time here, my name is Jeff, and this channel is all about becoming self-sufficient when it comes to making money online. So, if this sounds like you, feel free to give it a thumbs up, hit that subscribe button, and turn on that notification bell so you can be notified whenever I release a new video. With that being said, let's get right to it. Now, let's go ahead and take a look at this niche. So, if you make a search for ADHD cleaning planner on Amazon, you're going to see a couple things here. Total results very, very low at 400, which means that the competition here is very, very low. Now, don't pay attention to the zeros here. Sometimes this plugin from Titans quick view has some issues gathering information and that is what you're seeing right now. However, we can actually match this 400 to Amazon's actual search results here of 400. So, we know this to be true. Now, the niche score, we see an 82, which is actually very, very high. And Titans Pro analysis, we see demand is a seven, opportunity is a nine. Now, when we look through the first page, you're going to notice this first row, which is filled with a lot of different types of ADHD cleaning planners from, I would say, bigger publishers. You can see they have spiral binding and things that really KDP publishers don't have access to. Even the second row is filled with these types of planners. And then we get to the third row, and it's the same kind of deal here. But as we move on down, you start to see KDP books. For example, right here, I see the first KDP book independently published and it was just published actually quite recently has a bestsellers rank of 45,643. So, this KDP book that's competing with all of these other types of publishers is actually doing pretty well. Now, I found another one which is right here. for home cleaning checklist and schedules for a clean and tidy house. Independently published, not published that far long ago. Bestsellers rank even better at 11,284. And then I actually did find another one which is right here. Cleaning schedule and checklist. This one a little bit worse at 1 million, but it's still ranking on the first page here of Amazon. I did find this one right here ranking at 13,822. So, as we can see, a handful of books doing pretty well in a niche that's actually overcrowded with this type of looking book. So, to me, if we can put something that looks a little bit different, gives the customers a little bit of a different type of experience, then I think we could do quite well. Now, if we go ahead and take a look at this book, it's not specifically titled ADHD, but this one is called the home cleaning book, a checklist and schedule for a clean and tidy house. We can see some of the interiors right there. Right away, we can see that this is probably a full color interior. And it actually says it right there, full color pages. So, with the description, we can see what's kind of included in the book. cleaning supply inventory, supply list, master cleaning list, 32 weeks of dailyweekly cleaning, monthly cleaning, deep clean guides, and so on and so forth. So, a lot of types of different interiors included in this planner. This book is priced at $9.99 and has a print length of 73 pages at your typical 8 1/2 x 11 in size. Now, if we go to KDP's printing cost and royalty calculator to see what the actual cost is to print this book, as well as the royalties per book sold. Now, keep in mind interior type is standard color interior with white paper. It also could be premium, but I'm going to stick with the standard. Now, by default, this tool will default at black and white interior with white paper. So, make sure you choose the right interior type. Trim size 8 and 1 half x 11 in. And I'm only interested in the Amazon.com marketplace because this is where the majority of sales happen. And the page count 73 with that $9.99 list price. When we submit that, we can see Amazon.com marketplace printing cost is $3.83. The minimum list price for this book is $7.87. And then the estimated royalty after all fees are paid that goes into the publishers's pocket is going to be $26. So, if we go ahead and look at the royalties, we can see that for a book ranking of 11,284 30-day royalties coming from Titans Quickview is estimated to be around $1,100 to nearly $2,000 per month in pure royalties with a 30-day sales. You can see right here, 552 to 828 copies per month. Now, there is no sample feature, but there is A+ content with this book. So, here are some examples of the interior. Once again, it is full color interior, master cleaning list, week of blank cleaning schedule, the table of contents, some more interiors right here for the living room, bathroom, laundry room, kitchen, dining room, and then even more interiors in this A+ content. Really great way to show off the interiors of your book, especially because the sample feature can be hit or miss on Amazon. So, this is great that this publisher did that. Now, if we take a look at another example, this is the ADHD cleaning and organizing planner. This is 110 full color pages. Same size, 8 1/2 x 11 in. And looking at the description here, we can see room by room deep cleaning checklist, kitchen, bedroom, living room, bathroom, master cleaning list, cleaning supply inventory, 30-day declutter challenge, family chore chart, blank calendars and daily planners, and so on and so forth. Very similar to the previous book. Once again, look, no sample feature here, but let's look at the price. $13.97. So considerably much more than the previous book. 110 pages. So, a few more pages than the previous book and 8 and 1 half by 11 in. So, if we go ahead and calculate all of that. So, make sure once again standard color interior with white paper. Trim size 8 and 1 half x 11 in. This one has 110 page count $13.97. When we submit that, we can see printing cost $542. $9.99. So, the estimated royalty left over that goes into the publishers's pocket is $2.96 per book sold. So, if we actually take a look at this chart, you can see that this book sells year round. There are moments and periods of time where it doesn't sell as well, but for the most part, you can see this book is going to sell consistently year after year. Now, looking at the A+ content, we can see some interiors right here and some more interiors. very similar to the previous book. This one doesn't have nearly as many interiors showcased on the A+ content, but as you can see, a great way to basically describe your book, show off your book, and market your book for free within your listings. Now, if you don't know how to create A+ content and you want to learn how to do this for all your books, you can go ahead and click on the marker up top. I'll leave my tutorial on A+ content right there, and I'll also leave it down below if you want to go ahead and watch that. So, now that you've seen what kind of books are performing well in this niche, you probably noticed a pattern. These ADHD cleaning planners aren't overly complicated, and that's what makes this niche so interesting for new publishers. You don't need to reinvent the wheel or even start from a blank page. There's a much easier way to do this, and it's the same process that I use when I want to create new planners quickly without sacrificing quality. You can use pre-made editable templates that do most of the heavy lifting for you. So instead of manually building every page from scratch, all you have to do is customize, personalize, and export. And within a few hours, you'll have a fully finished ADHD cleaning planner ready to publish. So, let me show you exactly how to do this step by step so you can save a ton of time while still creating something your buyers will love. So, the first step is going to be going to Creative Fabrica and making a search for a KDP interior that we can use. This one's going to be ADHD cleaning planner. You can see I have it searched right here. You can also filter it by categories, but I'm just going to leave it unfiltered for now. I see 137 results right here. And going through the listings, I can see exactly what I'm looking for. So, ADHD cleaning planner. And the biggest thing that you need to look for is that it says Canva editable or you see the Canva logo, which actually most of these show. So, this one for example, Canva editable. This one 2026 digital ADHD cleaning planner. I see the Canva logo right there, which means that I know that it's editable in Canva and a whole host of other ADHD cleaning planners that are editable in Canva. And this is exactly what we're looking for. Now, just choose one that you like. I chose this one, the ADHD cleaning bundle, and this one is going to be able to be edited in Canva. So, this gives me 54 pages of templates. It comes with a cover and then I can see exactly what the interiors look like. Very colorful. And I see the master cleaning list right here. The kitchen, living room, bedroom, bathroom, literally every single template that I need that we saw in the examples of the books that are doing well on Amazon. So once you find one that you like, all you have to do is download it and it's going to give you the commercial rights to be able to use this and upload this on Amazon KDP. Now, if you don't have Creative Fabrica yet, you can go ahead and sign up. I'll put a link down below. It's going to be the yearly all access about $3.99 per month. It is build yearly. However, it is a very good deal for everything that Creative Fabrica provides you. Now, with that download, you open up that file and it's going to give you a few things, but what you're looking for is a text file with a Canva link. Here it is right here. When you open that, you can see it looks like this. So all you have to do is copy this and then paste it into your browser and it will show something like this where you can go ahead and view the template inside Canva. Now we can take a glance at this interior. So here is what the cover would look like. We can basically just reuse this for the cover and then the book belongs to page daily declutter challenge daily cleaning schedule decluttering planner weekly cleaning schedule. monthly cleaning schedule. Just a bunch of templates here all ready and done, but it's not completely ready because what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and modify these interiors. Now, depending on the type of book that you're making and the planner, you can pick and choose which templates you want to use, how many you want to use in your book. And it's quite easy to do this with Canva because you can easily duplicate these pages by just hitting duplicate right there. You can delete pages. You can rearrange pages like this. And so it makes it actually quite easy. All we have to do is modify. We don't actually have to create anything from scratch. So the first thing that you want to do is just focus on the first page. Now with this page, you don't want to upload this exactly how it is. You want to make modifications because you don't want to get in trouble with Amazon KDP. So one way to do this is, for example, you have artwork or an illustration right here within Canva. You can go ahead and click right here, magic background, and then you can describe a background idea. So for this, since it's a cleaning type of planner, I'm going to say brooms and cleaning supplies with a blank space in the middle cuz I want to keep this blank space right here. So if we go ahead and generate that, let's just give it a few moments and then we'll see what it comes up with. And then it comes up with four options here. So, if we go ahead and just look through these, I kind of like this one right here. Looks like there's a shelf, some brooms, and some cleaning supplies. And so, I'll stick with this one. So, that's one way. Now, the next way is to change the font around. Obviously, this is not a bundle. This is going to be a cleaning planner. So, if we go ahead and delete this. So, if we go ahead and rename this planner. Now, go ahead and change these fonts. So you can go here font, you can find something else. For example, that one. We can change the effects. We can go with a an outline glitch neon effect. We could do a lift. So about this one, I'm going to go with the shadow again, but I'm going to change this to black. And then I'm going to go ahead and blur it a little bit with a transparency all the way up. Blur that. And then I'm going to go ahead and change the colors here to my own colors. So let's do green. Let's do white. Let's do a different type of yellow here. And then this one, let's do a blue. So, right there, ADHD cleaning planner. This one, I want to keep this a very simple color. So, let's do either black or white. Let's do white with an effect, a lift. Let's lift it all the way. And same with this one. Actually, this one we can stick with black. But, we're going to change the font. So, just find a font, something else that we can use. Something simple like that. And this one, I want to make this a little bit smaller. Let's bold this and put it in the center there. And this one, let's go ahead and even this font out to 80. And this one's going to be less than 80. So, we're going to do 64. Put it right there. Highlight all of them. And just put them straight in the middle as best I can there. So, that's one way to modify this page. Now, we just go on to the next page. Now, with this next page, you can see a bunch of things going on. So, what I like to do is I like to delete these elements that are here and kind of come up with my own thing. And so, for this one specifically, I just wanted a blank page. So, I'm going to go ahead and delete this and move this one to the center here. And then kind of use the font that I'm already using, which is this one right here. And then let's go ahead and resize this. Put it back in the middle. And then instead of blue, I'm going to go with more of this type of color. And I'm going to change this to black to make it stand out. Same with these lines right here. Go ahead and change it to black. And then we can even make the lines a little bit thicker. So maybe put it to three. Like that. And then with the box itself, there's a couple things that we can do. We can add a stroke to it to make it look like this, which I actually like. And then we're just going to extend it a little bit like that. And there you go. As you can see, very easy to modify these pages. And you can actually add more things here if you wanted to. So, if you go to elements, you make a search for cleaning supplies or something along the lines of your theme. You can find some photos or graphics that you can use. So, if we go ahead and look for something for this, let's go ahead and use this one. I'm just going to place it right up here. And I'm going to make it smaller. or just put it to the side like that. Position it backwards. You can see how simple this is, but it adds a lot of originality with your pages. Now, if we go to the next page right here, let's zoom in a little bit. So, the way that I would modify this is I would delete all of the elements and find my own elements. And for me, I kind of want to use black and white elements. So, I'm going to filter this by black color and just find the ones here that kind of fit the theme that I want to build. So, I'm going to go with this. I'm going to make it smaller. And I'm just going to put it in an open space, not really where it was before. Just put it somewhere like that. And then for this one, change the font. And I'm going to go with that primary font that we had. And I'm going to make this actually a little bit bigger. I want it to stand out more. So, let's go ahead and use 29 declutter challenge. And we can also add a little bit more to it if we wanted to like that or a shadow. Once again, make sure to change all of the fonts. That is one way to customize the interiors. And then I'm going to unbold it that. And then with this part right here, we can go ahead and just change the colors. So, I have my own colors that I like. So, this one I want to make it a green color. So, I just want to do it like this. And I want to make it a little bit different than what I downloaded. So I'm going to go ahead and make these green. And these ones, we're going to go ahead and make this a different color that contrasts with the green. And that is going to be a blue. And once again, change the fonts. Make sure you're using the fonts that you choose. And there you go. This looks a little bit different than the page that we started out with. Obviously, there are more things that you could add if you wanted to, but you kind of get the idea of what I'm trying to do here. Now, when we get on to this page, same thing. You go ahead and remove these elements. Find something else here that would fit this theme. So, I'm going to go with this one. Let's make it smaller. And let's put it right here. And we could probably put something else on the other side. So, let's go with this one right here. Make that smaller. Put it here. And once again, change the font. There you go. And I'm going to just make it a little bit bigger. Put that effect right here with the blur. And then same thing, you can go ahead and highlight all of these, change the font, just like that. And then I would advise to change the colors here. You could also change the placements around. So, for example, let's say you want to move this. Let's go ahead and group this together. You could easily change things around. That's the great thing about customizing these interiors is that you have the ability to do whatever it is that you want to do. So, you kind of get the idea. Now, when you get to a page like this one, this one there's a little bit more things that you could probably do. So, one of the things that I like to do when I see these boxes here, I like to add a stroke style. And then I also like to do the corner rounding here, which this one already has. And I kind of like to do that with all of these boxes. So, I'm going to go ahead and highlight all of these. Now, this is just one way to do this. You could also just make a table, which will actually make this a lot easier. So, I'm just showing you one way to go ahead and do this. And then you can go ahead and change the colors to these as well. Make sure you keep in line with the theme if you have a certain color theme that you have. And just do it with all of these templates. Now, this may take some time, but this is a lot easier than starting from scratch. So, that's the ADHD cleaning planner niche. A book idea that might not sound exciting at first, but that's exactly why it works. While most publishers chase trendy, short-lived niches, this one stays consistent because cleaning and organization never go out of season. The cool thing is you don't have to start from scratch to make one of these books. If you want to take things further, you can download my free KDP royalty road map. It's the perfect starting point for creating and selling your first low content or planner style book on Amazon. I'll leave that link down below. And if this video helped you see what's possible, make sure to leave a like, subscribe, and turn on that notification bell so you don't miss my next video. With that being said, thanks for watching. Bye for now. [Music]