The whole Amazon algorithm is built on keywords. So keywords are like the most important thing anybody should know if you want to succeed on Amazon KDP. So what are keywords? Keywords are actually simple search terms that people use on a day-to-day basis to search for items on Amazon. So in this video I'm going to explain to you how you can actually use keywords to your best advantage so that you can get more sales on Amazon for yourself. When you go to amazon.com and you see a search bar, anything you type on that search bar is actually called a keywords and there are different types of keywords, right? So keywords can be described based on their length. The first type of keyword is called the short tail keywords. Now short tail keywords are keywords that are very very short. We're talking about one to three words. That means that the person that is using this particular keyword is not very specific about what they want. So that's exactly what it means. They are just looking for items under a broad category. So those particular keywords usually have a lot of search volume because a lot of people use short tail keyword. They just type. So for example, somebody can just type adult coloring book. Now the person does not know exactly the type of adult coloring book that the person is looking for, but he's just wanting to see the adult coloring book that is on Amazon currently. Now after short tail keywords, there's now the midtail keywords. Metale keywords are usually modifiers to the short tail keywords. Things like color, things like size, things like age, things like location, things like race, health condition. These words actually modifiers. They help to make that particular keyword more specific to what they want. So for example, now if there's a midtail keyword to adult coloring book, now the person is actually putting something like an age. So adult coloring book for seniors over 60 is now an age group that the person is putting. So it's more of like a midtail keyword. So it's now modifying that particular keyword that the person is actually or for example adult coloring book for retirees that's now specific to a particular group of people. So what the person did is that the person actually put a modifier to that short tail keyword. So whenever there is a modifier whether it's an age or a location or gender or whatever to a particular short tail keyword is now a mid tail keyword. Right? Now the next type of keyword is now the longtail keywords. Now longtail keywords are very direct and specific and they are the longest keywords of them all. Now the person that is actually using a longtail keyword is somebody that knows exactly what he wants. So Amazon now gets to pick exactly what the person wants. Amazon is not just pouring a lot of books to see which one the person will pick. Amazon now knows better on the particular kind of book that the person wants. Now, the difference between a longtail keyword, a short tail keyword, and a mid-tail keyword is that for a longtail keyword, longtail keywords tend to convert the most, right? They tend to convert the most simply because people that are using longtail keywords actually know what they want. But the problem is that longtail keywords do not actually have a lot of search volume. Search volume in terms of a lot of people don't use longtail keywords to search for things on Amazon, right? So, you're not going to get a lot of eyeballs. Now the other benefit of longtail keyword is that anytime you want your sales to be organic if you don't have money to run ads it's better to target longtail keywords for your book that way actually going to get your book ranking more if you are targeting a longtail keyword right so but the disadvantage of longtail keywords is that you are not going to get a lot of people. So what are examples of longtail keyword? So for examples of longtail keyword the person is actually adding a lot of modifiers not one not two sometimes person can even add up to three modifiers. So for example, you see something like adult coloring book for seniors above 60 with dementia. Now when you see that kind of longtail keyword, the person is very specific to a particular group of people. Now a lot of people are not going to use that particular search term. So Amazon is now going to now direct that person to the few books that are available under that search term. Now among the three keywords that I have listed, the longtail, the short tail and the midtail keyword, the best keywords you should actually go for is the midtail keywords. It gives you the advantages of the both worlds is big enough to get eyeballs on it and it's actually more targeted. That is what you want your book to be. You want your book to be that book that shows up in a midtail keyword. For the short tail keywords, the competition there is very very high. And a lot of people that use short tail keywords are not very specific on what they want. But in the midtail keyword, they actually have an idea of what they want. Now your job is now to position yourself to a point that when they see your book, they will want to buy your book. Now that we have talked about what keywords are and the type of keywords, now let's talk about how Amazon actually uses keywords so that you can understand the kind of game that you are playing on Amazon KDP. The first thing you must understand is that when somebody types a keyword, whether a short tail keyword, a longtail keyword or a midtail keyword, Amazon takes that particular keyword and they find products that converts the best for people that have used that particular keyword. So for example, if you type adult coloring book for seniors above 60, the books that Amazon show you are books that have been proven to be successful when other people have used that keyword to search for products on Amazon. So when Amazon realizes that people are actually buying this particular book, when they use this keyword, anytime someone else is using that particular keyword, they make sure that that book that sells very well under that keyword shows up. So your job is now to make sure that your book is that book that Amazon recommends to people when they search for the keyword in that niche that you're looking for. So usually when it comes to a niche, niches usually have keywords, right? Every niche has their own keyword and what you want to do is that you want to be that particular book that Amazon recognizes in that niche that anytime people actually use that keyword to search for books in that niche, your book convert the best. Now the process of doing that is what we call establishing sales history for your book. Now sales history is built over a long period of time. It means that Amazon have recorded sales upon sales for your book through a particular keyword and with time your book now begins to develop authority in that particular niche that anytime people are using the main keyword in that particular niche your book shows up. So that is exactly how Amazon matches the best keywords for the best books. Now, the easiest way that you can actually find profitable keywords in any niche whatsoever is to look for the titles and the subtitles of the bestselling books in that particular niche. Usually, the title and the subtitle of the bestselling books in that particular niche contains the keyword. They can hide it in their words and phrasing, but you'll find the pattern. So if you go to let's say five to six books or even 10 books in that your niche that is selling very well. If you look at their titles, their subtitles, you are going to see a consistent repeat in the words that they use. Sometimes they might want to change it a little, but it actually means the same thing. Those words are actually the profitable keywords in your niche. So if you are going to create your own book, make sure that you use those words in your title and your subtitle. That does not mean you are copying their title and copying their subtitle. What it means is that you are actually looking for the words that they put in their title and subtitle that are the keywords in that particular niche and that is what you want to use for your own book. Another way you can find very profitable keywords are through the Amazon suggestions. Whenever you use the search bar and you are typing a particular niche, Amazon begins to suggest to you some keywords that are actually relevant in that particular niche. Now what that means is that Amazon has recognized that a lot of people are using these particular keywords to find books in this niche. So what they now do is that instead of people taking time to type the keyword, Amazon is just going to suggest because over time they have recognized that oh these are what a lot of people use. When people now see what they intended to search on Amazon when they see the suggestion they just click on it that makes it faster for them to actually go to what they looking for. So that gives you a clue of what people are actually using in that particular. So pay attention to it. These are the things that you can actually also use in your subtitle so that you can be able to rank your book on Amazon. Now, how do you actually use this keyword? The best keywords are actually for your title and your subtitle because these are the most important information about your book for Amazon, right? So, Amazon usually uses your title and your subtitle to index your book. Now, the seven backend keywords are also very important. It gives Amazon more information about your book for your description. Over and over again, people battle whether Amazon actually uses what you write on your description to index for your book. But over time, it have been proven that your book description does not really matter in terms of the indexing. The most important thing is your book title, your book subtitle and the seven backend keywords that you have for your book. However, you should not neglect your book description when it comes to talking about your because literally your book description is actually telling people why they should buy your book. Now, if you have not already subscribed to the channel, hit the subscribe button right now. So, it's one thing to actually know how to find keywords in a niche. It's another thing to be in a niche that is actually very profitable. Now, if you're in a profitable niche, it is easier, way easier to actually make money on Amazon. And if you're not in a profitable niche, it is very difficult even if you have the right keywords. So, if you want to know exactly how to find profitable keywords on Amazon so that you can actually make money from Amazon, then you should watch this video here where I show you the step-by-step process that you can actually use to find a very profitable niche on Amazon. Yeah.