In this video, I'm going to show you the best free tool you can use for your Amazon KDP keyword research. Now, keywords are extremely important in Amazon KDP because ultimately, these are what allow potential customers to find your book in the first place because it doesn't matter how good your Amazon KDP book is. If your potential customers aren't able to find it in the first place, you're not going to make any sales anyway. So, in this video, I'll not just show you the tool itself, but I'll show you exactly how keywords work and how you can crucially use this tool properly to actually make it effective for your KDP business. So before I go and actually show you the tool itself, it's absolutely critical you first understand how keywords actually work. There is no point having access to any tool on the planet if you don't actually know how keywords work and what you should be looking for. So it's really important you watch this first section of the video cuz this is going to allow you to get so much more out of the tool when I show you in just a sec. So how keywords work in Amazon KDP, there are two instances where you need to be using keywords. Firstly, in your book listings, this is in your title, your subtitle, and your seven back-end keyword boxes. And the goal of these keywords is just to tell Amazon about what your book is about. So, Amazon can then try and place it in front of the right customers or what we say organic ranking. And the second place you'll use keywords is in your Amazon ads. And ads basically allow you to put your book at the top of search results for any keywords, which almost kind of cheating the system. And rather than having to rank there organically, you're essentially just paying to rank for pretty much any keyword on Amazon. So, here's an example of exactly what I'm talking about. Let's just take the keyword dog coloring book. If we type that into Amazon, this is what you see. The first couple of results you see here are sponsors. So, these are ads. This person who has this dog coloring book has paid to be shown right at the top of search results anytime someone types in dog coloring book. And therefore, this is the first book that I see. And as you can see, it's working quite well cuz they have a 34,000 BSR, which means this book is selling relatively well. Exactly the same story for the second dog, cute kawaii dogs coloring book for kids. The person who has made this book has paid for this book to be shown at the top of the search results for someone who types in dog coloring book. You then now have these organic rankings and these are books that are ranking organically for this keyword. So if there were no ads at all on this keyword, this is the one that would come in first. So you can kind of see there's two ways of getting your book in front of customers on Amazon through organic keywords and also through paid ads and keywords using Amazon ads. Now, ideally, you want to be ranking first organically because these people aren't paying to be here. Whereas these people, if I was to click on this book, they would pay for that click. But if I was to click in here, because they're not using ads, they're just ranking organically. They wouldn't pay a penny. So, ideally, you want to be here. But in order to be first on the search results, it's very, very difficult. You need to have a lot of sales in your book cuz ultimately, Amazon are just going to push the books that sell the most units. So ranking organically these days is extremely hard because you're competing against so many different products, which is why you therefore sometimes need to utilize Amazon ads to get that initial traction and show up first. So I just wanted to show you this to allow you to know the difference between like an ad placement with your keywords and then also an organic ranking from your keywords. So we now know that ranking your book through the keywords you use in your book listing or organic ranking is actually slightly different to ranking just by using Amazon ads as I showed you. So, here's why keyword research for both of these two ways of using keywords need to be different. Let's start firstly with the keywords you use in your book listing. Now, the goal of these keywords, as I've said, is simply just to try and get your book to rank organically. Amazon need to know exactly what your book is about, and then the hope is that Amazon will push your book for you. But they're only going to do that if your book is already selling well to begin with. So, therefore, when it comes to these kind of keywords, you need to find keywords that A are relevant to your book. There's no point putting keywords in that aren't related to your book. B, people are actually searching for these keywords. And C, few competitors are using because if you go back to that previous example there, there are so many different dog coloring books. Every single one of them is probably going to have the keyword dog coloring book in their listing somewhere. So, if you're using that keyword, too, it's going to be very difficult to rank for that. So, you need to be a little bit more strategic and find alternative keywords you can rank for easier because there's less people using it. So, therefore, the goal of these keywords in your book is to find the keywords that have high demand, i.e., lots of people are searching for them and also not too many of your competitors are using and the tool I'm about to show you will show you exactly how to find these two metrics. Now, it is just worth saying here in the modernday Amazon KDP, these kind of keywords that help your book rank organically are nowhere near as important as a they used to be or b the keywords you use in your Amazon ads. Because back in the day, it used to be a case of because competition was so low, it was so easy to rank for these kinds of keywords. But now the competition is much higher. Ranking for these on their own is extremely difficult, which is why I say you ideally need to be using some form of Amazon ads and especially using certain keywords that you're targeting in those ads. So, that moves us nicely on to these ad keywords. And the goal of these keywords is simply just to get your book in front of exactly the right customers because you're essentially paying to be at the top of search results. Like I showed you in that example previously, competition doesn't really matter. So, if you go back to this example here, you can see these books are ranking first and second because they've paid to be there. It doesn't matter if they've sold one unit or 100,000 units, they're here because they've paid to be here. Let's just take this cute kawaii dogs, it ranks second because it's paying to be there. It's a sponsored ad. But if you go down and look for it organically, if they weren't using this sponsored ad, this book just doesn't appear anywhere at all. Or actually, it does appear here, but it's a lot further down by this point. Someone's probably chosen a different book. So, this is why it's important for this book to be ranking second or first ideally through its ads that it's using. And the idea is over time, the more people who click into this and eventually buy it, Amazon will start pushing that book a little bit more organically. So, as you can see, this book is showing up organically, but it's a lot further down. So, this person here who's advertising this book is hoping that the moment I'm ranking something like 10th on the search results, but if I use ads, I'm going to rank either first or second, like you can see here. And the more people that buy this book, eventually Amazon will start pushing my book further up. So, maybe soon it will become the ninth book and then the eighth book and then the seventh book. And their idea is hopefully over time this will be the book that ranks organically first. So because you're paying to be top of the search results, like I say, competition at this point doesn't really matter. And therefore, you need to find keywords that again are relevant to your book. People are searching for people need to be actually looking for these keywords. But I've crucially crossed this one out here is competition doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if competitors are also ranking for this because you're basically jumping ahead of them by using your ads. So, the things you look for in keywords that you're going to use in your ads is going to be slightly different to what you're looking for for keywords you're going to use in your book listing. And therefore, the goal here is just to find the keywords that are relevant and people are searching for. Keywords with as high demand as possible are going to be the best keywords to use in your Amazon ads. So, what does all of this mean? This means that the keywords you look for to put in your book listing have different criteria for the keywords you look for to put in your ads. Remember, the keywords you put in your listing are trying to rank your book organically. The keywords you put in your ads are there to kind of just to show up for as many search terms as you possibly can. So therefore, the keywords you use in your listing need to have high enough demand and low enough competition. It's kind of all about this balance. In an ideal world, you'd have super high demand and super low competition. That's just extremely unrealistic. You're never really going to find keywords like that. So at sometime you need to kind of compromise on demand in order to have a low competition, too. So it's all about finding this balance. But for the keywords you use in ads, you only need to look at high demand because we're essentially paying for the competition to be relevant. And this is what I mean by it's really important to understand actually how keywords work and what you're looking for when you're using these tools. And as you can see, the tool I'm about to show you here gives you all of this data that you need. Estimated search volume basically shows how much demand there is for a keyword. Search results, how many competitors are also using this keyword. So this is why tools like this is so important. But unless you know all of this information is absolutely no point in using tools. So now we know all of this. I'm going to head over to the tool now and show you exactly what it is and how to use it. So the tool I recommend you use is self-publishing titans. You've probably seen it a lot on my channel because a I think it's the best one that you can use and b it's the tool that I literally use myself in my own KDP business. And the reason why I'm showing it in this video is they do have paid options but they do also have a free version. So I would always recommend if you can investing in the Titans Pro version. It's only $14 per month. It doesn't cost a huge amount for your KDP business and will drive significant value. But if you aren't ready to kind of upgrade to that yet, you can just go ahead and use the free version, which is what I'm going to show you in this video. Now, you have to remember if you're not paying for these kind of tools, the functionality and the data you get is going to be limited. There is no such thing as a free keyword tool that gives you all of the information and the data there. These tools cost money to run. So, no one's going to give these to you for free. So, stop looking for a completely free keyword tool that's going to give you all the information you need. It just doesn't exist. This is as good as it's going to get when it comes to a free tool. And if you decide you want that unlimited data, then you can just simply upgrade for only $14 a month, which is so much cheaper than a lot of the other tools. So, I'll leave a link to self-publishing titans down below in the description and also a discount code that you can use to get even more off your monthly subscription. So once you've signed up completely free to self-publishing titans, you need to go to the Chrome web store and then just type in Titans Pro Amazon KDP keyword research tool. And this is the one you want to go for. I've already got it on my Chrome, but you'll have an add to Chrome button here that you want to just go ahead and click. And this will add this to Chrome. And what this basically does is next time you go into Amazon, you'll get this big T in the search results. So, if I type in dog coloring book here and then just press this T button, what it's going to do is expand these search results and basically show me all of the related keywords related to the main keyword that I put in. So, I've typed in dog coloring book, it will show me loads of different alternatives people are also typing in related to dog coloring book. So, if I had a dog coloring book, what other keywords can I use? You can see here dog coloring book or sausage dog coloring book, dog coloring book for adults, dog coloring book for adults dogs trust. I mean, that's probably not necessarily too good of a keyword. dog coloring book for kids age 11, dog coloring book for 8-year-old. But if you had a dog coloring book for kids, for kids that were aged 8 to 12, these are two keywords that you can use. So just by starting with a really broad keyword, this tool basically allows you to see related keywords around that main one. So another one you could use here is dog coloring books for children. It's exactly the same target. People just type in different keywords in different ways. Some people use the word kids, some people will use the word children. So this allows you to see loads of different variations of that keyword. But of course, because this is the free trial, you only get a limited amount of data when you search this in. But that's kind of the trade-off you get when you're not paying for a tool, you only get limited data. But you can see the estimated search volume. So basically an estimate how many times this keyword is searched every single month. How many search results come back once you type in this keyword and then self-publishing titans have a really cool demand and also opportunity score. So essentially, the higher the demand score basically means there's more demand for a keyword. And the higher the opportunity score basically means there's a better opportunity for this keyword based on balancing demand and competition. So let's take this sausage dog coloring book for example. It only gets 148 searches per month but there's very very few people who are also showing up for this keyword. But the problem with this keyword is although there's very little competition for this keyword. There's just hardly anyone searching it into Amazon. So I would say this is not a good keyword because you need to have yes low competition but there's no point having low competition if hardly anyone is searching every single month. So it's all about finding this balance. So in terms of how you use this tool to find keywords for you know organic ranking and your listing and then also keywords for your ads. Here is exactly what I would do. Firstly let's start with the keywords I want to use for my book listing. They need to have high demand, low competition and be relevant to your book. So if I had a dog coloring book for kids, I basically look for all of the keywords that have decent scores here. So dog coloring books for children. Although it does have quite high search results, so therefore probably quite high competition, there is a decent enough demand. So this is probably a keyword that I would put into my keyword boxes. This one here, dog coloring book itself, I would probably put that in somewhere else. As you can see, dog coloring book is already present in this keyword. So you wouldn't necessarily have to have this one on its own. But essentially, what you want to do is go through all of these different kinds of keywords, type these into Amazon, and just look for loads of different suggestions that you can go ahead and put into your book listing. As you can see, I've just typed in dog coloring book for kids. And we're getting some more data about some more keywords. Dog coloring book for kids 6 to 12. Maybe not so good of a keyword. Dog coloring books for children. That's the same one we showed we saw here. So, just keep going through loads of these different keywords and finding all of the data and find as many relevant keywords as you can to put into your book listing. And if I was using this tool to find keywords for my ads, as you remember, the keywords use for your ads aren't necessarily too dependent on competition. So, we're purely just looking at demand. So, you want to find the keywords with the higher search volume. So, dog coloring book, for example, although it has high competition, it doesn't really matter because we're going to be using ads to show for it. So, the higher the search volume, the better. So, this is definitely a keyword that I would put in my ad. Let's just go for dog gifts for kids. Type this in and see what comes up um with this information. Let's press the T on this here. And here are some other keywords we could potentially use. Dog gifts for kids. Yeah, it does have relatively high search results, but it's also getting searched 3,746 times roughly every single month. So, this definitely has high search volume. So, we want to be showing up when someone types in dog gifts for kids. As you can see, this previous book here is doing exactly that. They're also targeting this keyword. So the whole goal of this is to use this tool to find different keywords for both your organic ranking or your book keywords you use in your listing and also keywords you use in your ads. As I've said, this is only the free version. So the data and the results you get are quite limited compared to the pro version. So for those of you that are watching this and thinking, okay, I might want to actually upgrade to the pro version. I'm just going to show you now exactly what you'd get for that and what that looks like. So this is the pro version and the first thing you'll see is actually has its very own web app. You're not doing everything, you know, in Amazon search results. So, it's much easier to see all of the data, you know, in the actual web app itself. So, that's the first benefit of having the pro version. Secondly, I've just typed in dog coloring book. And as you can see, we get so many more search results for this, which is just so much more useful for our Amazon KDP keyword research. So, again, dog coloring book. As you can see, pretty high search volume and also high search results. And it still has this demand versus opportunity score, but there's so many more other suggestions that you could potentially look into here. So, if your dog coloring book was related to dog anatomy, this could be a really good keyword that you can use cuz as you can see, the estimated search volume every single month, 6,347 with only a search results of 1,89. And this therefore gives it an opportunity score of 9. So, this is an incredibly good keyword that you could use in your book listing and you've literally found it in a couple of seconds because you've got this tool. So yeah, the free tool is really good, but if you really want to kind of get all the data that you might need for KDP, I would personally recommend getting the paid one. It's only $14 a month and you can just get so much more data and your keyword research can be so much more accurate. So what I would do if this was a keyword for my book, I would go ahead and just copy this. And then in my book listing, I would just go down to the keyword boxes and this is a keyword that I specifically want to target there. So that's just going to go into one of my keyword boxes. But I'd keep looking for more potential opportunities and then just continue building out the keywords in my book listing that way. And I've just typed in another keyword. So, dog coloring and another opportunity we've got here is sausage dog book. So, if you had a dog coloring book that either had sausage dogs in them or it was specifically a sausage dog coloring book, the actual keyword sausage dog coloring book, as we saw in this previous example that actually was on the other page, wasn't necessarily a good keyword, but sausage dog book on its own. if you get rid of the coloring in that keyword now becomes a really good opportunity. So, this just shows you different ways that you can target the same potential customer by using different keywords. So, I'm just going to explore this a little bit further. So, I've typed in sausage dog coloring book to show exactly what I mean. The keyword sausage dog coloring book, people aren't necessarily typing this into Amazon. So, you might see this and think this is a bad keyword and you're probably right, but what people are typing in is sausage dog book. And people who are interested in a sausage dog book are probably also going to be interested in a sausage dog coloring book, which is why you would then put this as one of your keywords if this was relevant to your book. And to go one step further, I'm just going to go ahead and type in sausage dog and see if there's any alternative keywords that we can use for this as well. And as you can see here, sausage dog gifts has an opportunity score of nine with a really good search volume and low search results. So, this is kind of how you would use this tool to find all of these keywords that you wouldn't necessarily know about initially. And it just shows you multiple different ways that you can market your book. And when it comes to using the pro version to find keywords for your ads, as you remember ads, we just want to have as high a demand as possible. So I've just typed in dog book here. And what you can do is just filter and toggle by search volume. So have search volume high to low. And these are the highest searched keywords around this main keyword of dog book. Dog book, dog coloring books for children, dog book for kids, dog books for children. and you would just go ahead and target each of these individual keywords in your own ad campaigns because ultimately these are being search loads and we want to get our book in front of the people who are searching for all of these keywords. So there you go. There is what I consider to be the best free keyword research tool for Amazon KDP. I've showed you the free version and I've also showed you the paid version. So it's entirely up to you which one you want to go for depending on your budget and kind of your goals of Amazon KDP. If you can get the paid version, I would definitely recommend doing it because it is so worth it in terms of the value you get, but obviously entirely up to you. Now, if you're interested in other tools that you can use for your KDP business, you can see the video on screen where I show you the best tools for beginners and also those who are more advanced on Amazon KDP. So go ahead and watch that if you want to know even more about more Amazon KDP tools.