Finding a very profitable niche on Amazon is one of the most important skill anybody needs to develop if you want to succeed in Amazon KDP. It doesn't matter if you know how to create good interiors or very attractive covers or you know how to do your A+ content on the right description or do all these beautiful stuffs that will actually cause your book to grow. But if you are doing all these things in the wrong niche, you are just wasting your time. A lot of people struggle to find niches that are very very profitable. And this video I'm going to show you exactly the five-step process that I have used to find very profitable niches that have generated thousands of dollars for me on Amazon since when I started. So before we even start the whole process of finding a very profitable niche, let us actually define what a niche is. A niche is simply a group of people that have the same interest. Right? So there are many niches on Amazon KDB meaning that there are many group of people with the same similar interest on Amazon. Now what you are trying to do is to find a particular group of people and focus on them. That is the most important thing that you have to do when it comes to choosing a profitable niche on Amazon. There are actually many profitable niches on Amazon and that is the biggest problem a lot of people have. They focus on too many niches. You cannot succeed on Amazon KDP if you are focusing on too many niches. Some people are doing puzzle books. Some people are doing coloring books. Some people are doing high content book, traveling guides, recipe journals, a lot of different different books in different niches. All these niches are actually very successful. They have high demand. People are looking for them. They want to buy them. But you cannot focus on all of them at the same time. That is the biggest problem you would have because it takes a lot of time to study a particular niche. Know what the customers want and start making products that people will actually buy. Right? So if you're now focusing your attention on five niches or 10 niches as you are starting Amazon KDP, there's no way you're going to be successful in any niche because the required time to study a niche, you don't even have it. So the first way to find a very profitable niche is choosing one niche that is profitable and focus on it. So you cannot be doing coloring books and at the same time be doing puzzle books and at the same time be doing journals. No, choose one and focus on that. Personally, I love coloring books. That is the niche that have brought me the most amount of money on Amazon KDP. And coloring books is even very broad. You still have to choose within a subniche of coloring book and focus your attention on. So the first way to find a profitable niche is actually to focus on one niche. That is where I find a lot of beginners having issues because they're focusing on too many niches at the same time. The second step that is needed is actually the research process. Now the research process is one of the most important and also the most time consuming process when it comes to finding a highly profitable niche. And a lot of people don't want to spend the time to do niche research. That is the reason why a lot of people are struggling when it comes to Amazon KDP. You need to take time off making books and focus some time on researching on the niche that you want to publish your book in. First of all, you must even have some form of interest in that kind of niche. The niche should be something that you are interested in or even knowledgeable about because you are definitely going to do better in a niche that you like and also you are knowledgeable about. And the easiest way to do it is actually going to the category section and finding a category that you want. You need to find the top bestselling books in that niche. Those are the books that you want to use to draw inspiration to know exactly what works in that niche. You don't have to reinvent the wheel. You just have to find the things that people that in that niche are using to succeed and do the same thing and you are going to be successful in that particular niche. So how do you know that these books are actually selling well? It is very easy. When you go to that particular niche, just look for the bestseller rank. The bestseller rank will tell you the books that are succeeding very well in that particular niche. So that's easy. There are five things you have to focus on when you're looking at these 10 the books. The first thing is that you want to look at how they craft their titles and their subtitles. You want to take your time and study them carefully. This is not something you just do in two hours. This is something you actually take your time. Look for the meaning of the words that are in the title. Look for the benefit. Look for the keywords in their title. Look at the similarities. What are the things that are in this particular book and this other particular book? Look at the ones that are performing better than the others. And ask yourself, why is this one performing better than the other? And the reason is because the most powerful keywords are usually in your title and your subtitle because that is the first data that Amazon gets about your book. And that's what they now use to index your book so that they can show it to people that are interested in it. So when it comes to title, don't joke about it. Make sure you take your time to study the titles that bestselling books in that particular niche use. There is always a pattern. Look for that particular pattern. That is what is going to determine whether you are going to be successful in that niche or not. After you have studied the title and the subtitle in that niche, the next thing you have to focus on is the cover design. The book cover is the first thing people see when they come to a particular niche. The book cover is what gets people's attention. You have to focus on the style, the type of covers that people that are selling very well in that niche are actually using. You need to focus on the kind of colors that they are using, the kind of fonts that they using, the size of the font, the placement of the font, how the images are, where they are placed. Everything about the book cover is something you are supposed to pay attention to. These are the things that people that don't succeed on Amazon are not doing. And if you want to succeed on Amazon, you have to pay attention to these little details because these are the things you are going to use to now design your own book cover so that your book will look like one of those books that is actually making money so that when somebody sees your book, they are more willing to buy. Look at the 10 best books in that particular niche and look at the pattern when it comes to their book cover. Their book cover usually have a pattern. Follow the pattern. Create something that is similar. Not that you are copying exactly how their cover is, but you are drawing inspiration and using the elements and create something that looks like a bestselling book in that particular niche. The next thing that you must focus on is the price that people in that particular niche that are succeeding are using. The price usually has a range. When you want to make your own book, make sure that your book falls within that range, not above and not below it. Make sure that your book fall into that particular range because it already indicates that this is the price that customers are willing to pay in this particular niche. So don't go and bring your price down when you are making your own book or take your price exorbitantly high when you are making your own book. Put your price within that range. The goal is that you want your book to be one of the bestselling books in that niche. So it has to look the part and price is also very important because that is one of the things Amazon shows the customer first before they even click to check what is inside the book. The price always shows. The next thing you have to do when it comes to researching a particular niche is to read the book descriptions of these 10 bestselling books. It is very important. These are things that a lot of people skip. They don't take their time to do this kind of research because these are the informations that you need to get in order for you to succeed in a particular niche. Reading their book description tells you what is in their book. Tells you how you should also make your own book. Tells you what they put in their book. You also use the information and the style of their writing in their book description and write your own book description. Very very important because there are some buyers that take their time to read book description before they buy a book. And now you need to understand why are people buying this book. That's why Amazon makes it mandatory that every book that you are going to publish on Amazon should have a book description about it. So it is very important that you study the successful books on that particular niche. How they write their book description and also write your book description in a similar pattern like theirs. The next thing you have to focus on when it comes to researching a particular niche is looking at the style of their A+ content. I always say that A+ content is something that can determine whether people buy your book or not. Now what you have to focus on is that look for the way they design their A+ content, the pattern of their A+ content and create something similar like that. That is also going to give you an insight to how their book looks like because A+ content is about pictures. People are looking at the pictures, seeing how their book looks like. And that's exactly what you want to do. You want to get a picture of how their books look like. So that when you are creating your own book, you already know, okay, this is how people that are succeeding in this niche are creating their interior. So this is how I should also pattern my own interior so that I can be successful in that particular niche. So their A+ content is like a gold mine where you get to see exactly what these people have done inside their book that is making them get this kind of sale that they are getting. The next thing that you need to do when it comes to studying the books that are selling very well in your niche is reading their reviews. Now reviews tells you a lot about what the customer wants and what they think, what they appreciate and what they do not want. This is something that a lot of people skip and I don't know why they skip it but however it is something you should not skip if you want to succeed in a particular niche. Read the reviews. Reviews are gold mines. They tell you what people want. And now when you go through their reviews you see the flaws in their books. You see the things that people are complaining about and things that people are actually praising in those particular book and remove those things that people actually complain about so that your book is now going to be more of like a perfect fit for people. So take your time and study reviews. Study hundreds of them. Read them. These things are things that actually going to take you a while to do. It's not something as I said before that you're just going to do in 2 hours. Studying a niche takes time and that is the difference between people that make money on Amazon KDP and people that are struggling every day on Amazon KDP. Now after you have researched the 10 best books in that particular niche, the next thing you have to do is that you have to niche down. Now what is niching down? When you go to a particular niche and you realize that okay these are what these other books are doing that is making them successful. What you want to now do is that how do you find an angle that you are going to use to enter the market that people can actually buy and that is what niching down actually is. You cannot go general when you entering a new niche. You have to go very specific. So you have to find either use age, either use a medical condition that people in that niche have, either you use the location of those people, either you use the gender of those people, whether you use anything that becomes more specific. That's what you want to do. So find a particular angle, call out a particular group of people in that niche. When you are succeeding with those group of people, then you can now generally increase the range. So you find some book focusing on just retirees. Sometimes we find some book focusing on seniors but they'll now say between the ages of this and that there are many ways that you can now niche down and niching down is something that a lot of people don't do and that is what makes you actually successful because sometimes when somebody goes into a niche and they now see that okay this book is for older people but now when they find a book that is now for a particular age when it comes to seniors they not be like oh this book is actually speaking to me because customers want to feel special they want to feel like you are talking to them so when your book calls out that particular customer, the it it usually draws their attention and that is one of the things I've always done when it comes to Amazon KDP and it has helped me make sales on Amazon. If you have not already subscribed to this channel, hit the subscribe button right now. So, the next thing you want to now do is create a brand in that particular niche. Building a brand is one of the most important thing that is going to make you successful in that niche. You are not just focusing on one book. You're focusing on your brand and you have to build a brand with multiple books, not just with one book. If you're going to be successful in that niche, when somebody buys one book from you and they like it, it makes it easier for them to buy another book from you and another book from you. So building a brand is very very important. That is why you have to create the best books that you possibly can in that particular so that people actually end up giving you a very good review for your book and also becoming loyal customers. So building a brand is very simple. First of all, choose a particular brand name that you want for your particular book and all your books that are in that niche will follow that particular brand name. Secondly, make sure that you have a brand logo that you actually put in your book so that people can easily recognize your book. Your brand logo is very very important. Now, the next thing is that you now want to create multiple books in that niche. Study how people respond to them. And the more books you make in that niche based on the response people already have to your previous book, the more likely you are to succeed in that particular niche. So if you keep doing all these things over a period of time, keep studying, keep learning, keep creating over a period of time, you're actually now going to start seeing success in that particular and that is something I discovered and I've been doing on Amazon KDP that has been helping me generate at more sales that I used to generate up till now. So after you have hit the publish button on any book on Amazon, there are 11 things you need to do after you have done that. If you want to know those 11 things that you need to do in order to succeed with that particular book, you should watch this video. This video is actually going to help you a lot to become more successful because I actually take my time to explain in details things that that particular