So today's video, I wanted to do a kind of long-term case study for a book that I published in January of 2023 that's gone on to earn nearly 100,000 of royalty. So yes, I'm going to come back into this. I'm going to go through month by month. We're going to take a look at the advertising spend, but we're going to be taking a look at how much you can earn from one coloring book on Amazon. So yes, this is not typical. not talking about your average person who comes on to the YouTube scene who then thinks they can publish one low content book and make this type of money. That's not the case. We're going to talk about that in the preface for this video. We're then going to take a look at the total royalties versus the advertising spend because that's important as well. We'll take a look at how consistent the sales have been over the years. We'll talk about the production cost of this book. We'll take a look at how long it took to make the advertising strategy. So, I'm going to go into my advertising account, the niche and keyword strategies, and then we're going to talk about the next 1 to two years for independent publishers as we go through this video because it is a significant time for independent publishers. Things are definitely changing and it's very, very important that we change with the time. So, we're going to talk about that as we go through this video and we'll look at how I did things back then versus how I'm doing things now. So, before we get started, if you're fed up of being bullshitted by people on YouTube, especially, and you want to be in the most transparent and the absolute best place that you can be as an independent publisher, make sure you check out my membership website, which is chrisra.com. It's for serious publishers or people that want the absolute best chance possible of having success through publishing and the absolute most transparency with publishing as well. It's free to get started. It's chris.com. It's going to be linked in the description below. But let's get into this. And I think if you know me, you know that I don't really like talking about money that much. But just for the sake of showing the stats versus the advertising stats as well and how those two work together and also the other point of this is to take a look at what you can expect to happen with your bestselling books over the course of two to three years and also what happens during Q4. So the book was launched in January. start off extremely strong and this is of course not to be expected for every single person or hardly that many people. Yes, this is an exceptional case to make $1,000 the first month followed by 4,000 3,000 etc etc etc etc all the way up to Q4 of 20 23 where we hit $15,000 2024 things started to die off a little bit of course the sales are still pretty consistent still nice and then the Q4 for 2024 wasn't as good but still very impressive and as we enter into 2025 things start to dip a little bit further as well but still pretty consistent. So, typically when people show these type of numbers, they will purposely omit the advertising spend. But if we come into my account here for this portfolio, we spent $3,135 across all the campaigns, eight different campaigns in the lifetime for this book, plus whatever 20% on top of this is 24% a cost, 6 million impressions, 21,000 clicks to 1582 orders. So, that might not look like the best conversion rate ever, but that is actually part of my advertising strategies, which we're going to talk about as we go through this video. I'm going to also talk about the different types of campaigns that I set up. So, as you can see, massively, massively, massively, most of these sales are coming organically versus the advertising spend, which is important for us to talk about as well. preface here before we continue with this is that this is what can be achieved by those who are willing to accept certain undeniable truths for most independent publishers. So, I'm not talking I'm not trying to communicate with people that have come here from some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video that has misled them to thinking they can make this type of money with every single book that they publish. So, publishing one low content garden log book or something like that. No, we're talking about people that have been paired with the reality. And the reality being things like there's going to be a failure percentage to the number of books that you upload, that you need to bring something new or better to the marketplace. You have to have a strict and boring advertising strategy in place. And you're not emotionally affected easily, and you do have some time, if not money, to invest into this business model. Let's take a look at the advertising strategy and the type of campaigns that we set up for this book. So, I'm going to go into my account and go into a little bit more detail about this, but this has been something that has been consistent through every single book that I release when we go through this testing phase to see if the book is worthy of being sold on the Amazon marketplace is that I set up three automatic campaigns. You don't need to do this, but I like to start at like 10 cent, one for 10 cent, one for 50 cent, one for 75 cent. Sometimes this is 20 cent, 41 cent, 90 cent. It doesn't really matter. What you really want to do is to um start your automatic campaigns and then see how quickly you can reduce the cost per click. Okay? Because that is a important part of this strategy for sure. And then I start to test the manual campaigns after the automatic campaigns have been proven. Okay? So on top of this, after the book has been proven through the automatic campaigns. So we're gauging the success of the book through the automatic campaigns, then we start to target similar books in a niche that have fewer reviews and a higher price. So basically, I only enter into this kind of testing phase of different advertising campaigns. So testing things like category campaigns, product targeting campaigns, the similar book type of campaigns only after we've collected enough information from running the automatic campaigns. So I might wait one month, look at the advertising stats for the automatic campaigns, and then decide if the book is worth putting more money into Amazon ads. So if we come back into my account here, this is the the total spend for the campaigns for this book, 3,100. And like I said at the start of this video, the conversion rate might not sound like the best here, but this is part of the strategy that I use for my automatic ads. What I have found is that with automatic ads, it allows us for winning books, not for every single book or not even a decent amount of books, but for the winning books that we have, you'll be able to get your cost per click down very, very low. So, as you can see from below, we got our cost per click down to 14 cent, 13 cent, and 18 cent for this. Now, what I found is that even if you have bad bad conversions for your automatic campaigns, the low cost per click will make up for that, which will result in a decent a cost, which for me is better than running manual campaigns at a higher cost per click at a better conversion rate. Okay, so as you can see from the campaigns that we have here, we set up eight campaigns. Um, two of them have been running for a very long time. Then we set up this one that targeted one of Coco Wire books because that book was performing well in an automatic campaign. Then we started testing some gifting campaigns and catery campaigns, um, misspelt campaigns and a lot of them don't take off and do anything. But the ones that do well, you can leave on for a long time. And these ones have been left on for over 2 years now. So if you want a bit more of a step-by-step approach to Amazon ads and taking a look at your metrics, for example, and launching a book, we have all the course content you could possibly need for this inside of the Raidog membership. It's all included from day number one. It's at chrisra.com. On top of that, inside the Raidog membership, we have the Raidog seller room, which is our incredible Discord community. just one part of this community. We have an advertising section where you can come in, post your advertising stats, get feedback on your advertising stats from me and other successful publishers as well, and give you some considerations going forward with your campaigns. So, that is the Amazon ad strategy for this book. I know it's boring. I know it's basic, but basically what we're doing, and you need to go over this again and again and again in your head, when it comes to selling directly on a third party platform like Amazon, you have to create the book. You have to release the book, preferably with some Amazon ad spend with a budget that you're happy with, and ultimately you're testing that book into the marketplace. Then you decide, are the stats good enough to carry on running this book to running this campaign? If not, you stop the campaign and then you repeat the process where you create the next book, release it, test. So, create, release, test, create, release, test is what you should be doing for every single book and not producing one book that you love and think is amazing and then spending three, four, five, $6,000 on it just because you have that money available. Do not do that. Also, one thing to note here is that inside of the the Radog membership, I actually showcase every single book, including this one. I do case studies on the live Friday calls for every single book that I publish. Whether the book wins, whether it fails, I go into detail, showcase the book, the cover, the pen name, everything, everything gets shown off there. And that was part of the reason for for creating the Radog membership is so that independent publishers can be in a transparent place because we all know um this domain is not particularly transparent. So with that in mind, I want to talk about the production cost and the time for this book. And the point that I want to try and make here is that there's going to be a significant difference between the production cost and time back then in 2022 2023 and the production cost and time of books being made in 2025 because it is significant and it is one of the most important parts of this video. So, basically, I went back through my Upwork contracts and I found that roughly we're looking at spending $300 on a 40page book and then $100 on the book cover. But granted, that was actually quite a decent price for such a project. The total time is the main problem here. Now, this took with my involvement on everything back and forth with the illustrator doing loads of different things like research on the different elements that I wanted inside the book. This took over 3 months to have this book created. So that is a very long time to test a product into the marketplace that is that has the potential to just fail the very first week that it gets uploaded. Okay. So now things are different with the advancements of AI when it comes to the interiors of your book. You can create these incredibly quickly using chat GPT. And the production time for these type of images. To create a full book is between 1 and 4 weeks. So if you're creating something like a bold and easy book, you would be looking at around 1 week if you have systems in place that allow this. If you have a book that is slightly more involved, it's probably going to take you around a month. Again, provided that you have these systems in place. So, people get me slightly wrong when I start pivoting toward the AI side of things. They think I'm suggesting that people just upload unfinished direct outputs from chat GPT. No, that's not the case. We're using AI as a tool, as a guidance for an illustrator to create something like this here, which is a final version versus these three, which are direct outputs. Same goes for the book covers. What we're looking at here is spending around 5 hours. So, between myself and an illustrator, we're looking around 5 hours to have a really incredible and awesome book cover made. And the production cost, even though I'm working slightly differently with my illustrator, the production cost that you can expect with this is probably closer to around $30 to $50. So there is a huge difference between how long it took to produce books back then and this is something that I would have massively preached back in 2022 is that you should take your time to create a highquality book. Now there's no point there is no point in taking time to create a highquality book in 2025 because you can do this very quickly with the assistance of AI. can create high quality books very quickly. And the quicker that you can create these books, the faster you can test them into the marketplace, which is going to be extremely important in the next 1 to two years. And I talk about this a ton inside of the Radoc live calls. And all these live calls are recorded if you ever want to check them out. Um, I talk about my main coloring book brand here. I do case studies for my bestselling books, creating a number one new release, showcasing everything for them. But also most importantly as we go on we're keeping people we're keeping publishers up to date with things that really matter. So for example the advancements of AI we start doing um video calls on this and we talk about things here like how you can create a premium book in under 7 days. I did a whole case study for a book that I'm going to be releasing under my main pen name. We talk about the workflow that you need to have in place to make this happen specifically for coloring books. We go into this all of this gets recorded if you ever want to check this out. This is all included with all the course content, all the Discord and advertising stuff. All included from day number one. That's chrisra.com if you want to check that out. So that's the production cost and time. And the point is again, I wanted to showcase what the approach was back then was to take your time making a highquality product. The point is that if you're using AI, you can produce a highquality product much quicker. Okay. So how consistent are those sales? We did take a look at that at the start of this video and we could see that sales for a book that is destined to do well, you'll find that they do take off quite quickly. Within the first month of you testing it into the marketplace, you'll find that sales are generally much better than if your book wasn't going to sell. And then during Q4, you can expect those to do three to four times their typical monthly amount. And then as the months go on, you can probably expect things to slow down ever so slightly as you saw from the start of this video. So I think another important one looking at things back then and looking at things now really important that we talk about niching keyword strategy. So back then and this is even more relevant now. And people don't want to believe me. I know that I'm a keyword hater, a keyword tool hater. That's who I am. But not a single keyword tool was used for that book and I don't use them for any of my books that I've had published. So we simply went on to Amazon, we used the search bar, we started typing the most relevant search term and then if it populated the search bar with other search terms, then we used that basically. So using Amazon's search bar was pretty much all I needed for the keywords for this. But most importantly, what we were looking at here was that the book cover was amazing for this book, which is why it took a long time. And then we had some kind of improvement on the niche offering. Um, that was far more important than doing niche and keyword research. So, the reason that I'm not going to go into detail with this is because it's not relevant information anymore. So, in 2025 and beyond, I do think, just my opinion, just my opinion, I do think that keywords and niche research, especially with there being some BSR changes recently as well and Amazon becoming very pro- AAI, I do believe that keyword and niche research is going to be completely useless. So, I will show you now exactly exactly how I do my niche, my niche research on Amazon. really in terms of my on Amazon niche research, it doesn't really exist anymore. I will come over and I will just search for the broad niche and as you've probably established from this video, I like to do the coloring book thing. It doesn't mean that coloring books are the best thing ever. It's just what I enjoy doing and what I feel motivated to do. Search for that and I'll just take a look at things. I'll ignore the BSRS. I'll ignore the um the keywords being used by competitors books and I'll take a look at things like color palettes and see if I like the look of the color palettes or the layout of the book covers and that's pretty much all that I will look at and then I'll try and come up with something new inside of this niche here. So the the main thing that I don't want to do and I don't want to preach that other people do is they come in and do keyword research and copy people's keywords and also come in and just copy people's ideas. So, for example, coming up with this kind of cozy friend book, doing the exact same thing that's already been done, which is what everyone does. Everyone will come in, copy these books almost exactly. What I what I do myself and what I preach to other people do is thinking uh thinking this way. What can I offer that is somewhat similar to this? You know, it's been proven that cozy friends are something that people enjoy buying. What can I do that is different that still kind of remains within this idea? So, for example, we might be doing something like cozy dinosaur friends or something like that. But the point is that the book cover looks great. You have a unique title like silly crimes is a really nice title and we're just doing something different. That is what matters the most when it comes to selling directly on Amazon. Not doing the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that everyone is doing over and over and over. Which is why I don't like keyword research tools, which is why I don't like hot niche videos because it promotes the idea that you just need to do what everyone else has already done. But if you want to make great sales, you'll do something different. So, I know that's not what people want to hear, but that is what I have done myself, and it's what other people that I speak to inside of the the Radar membership who have been successful as well. They do exactly this. They offer something new. They reach for the highest quality possible, and reaching that high quality is now much easier than it's ever been with AI. One thing I wanted to talk about now was failure percentages because it makes up. It's it's so important and it's very important for how you approach publishing in general. It's very important for your advertising. It's very important for your releasing. It's very important for how much money you're going to end up spending. It's just so important that you understand that some of your books are not going to do well. So, for example, inside of my main pen name, I have these kind of three winning books. So, when it comes to a winning book, I'm talking about books that take off quite quickly and it's pretty obvious that they're going to do quite well. The advertising stats will look quite good early on. You'll be able to get your cost per click down quite low quite early as well. And they make between, let's say, $300 to all the way up to $3,000 per month. Obviously, it's probably likely to be closer to $300 to $1,000 a month for these winning books. Okay? Depends on the niche, of course. So, one thing to note here is that I don't collect any reviews from day number one. They're all organic. And what I found, and the reason that I put this into this section is because across my many, many years of communicating with people who are doing low content and medium content books, what I found is that collecting reviews for these type of books makes absolutely no difference. And I did a test myself. I tested the advertising stats for when my books had no reviews versus when they had a,000 reviews. and the organic sales from zero reviews to a,000 reviews, zero reviews to 100 reviews, and there's absolutely no difference. There's no reason to believe that collecting tons of reviews from day number one for these type of books is going to be a game changer. So, I don't recommend that people do that. If you have the ability to do it, then that's great. It might make some difference, but that's just something to important to note here that to make this type of dollar from Amazon and from coloring books, you don't need to have any reviews. Okay, so out of my entire account for this pen name, I'm looking at around two books that are at a total loss still. So, as in the the amount that it costs to have the book cover made, the interior made plus the ads, two of those books are still making back that money. They're not in a huge loss because of the advertising strategies that we have in place, but around two books are still at a loss. So the rest what you'll find and this is what I found across other successful publishers as well is that the rest of your books are going to vary in the sales velocity as in they will go up and down. Ultimately they're going to be on the lower side of the amount of sales you'll make each month like 10 5 20 50 or something like that. But ultimately they make their investment back over time which it is which is why it's important to look at this from a long-term perspective and during Q4 when most of your books will get a bump in sales. That's when those failed books will make their investment back. Okay. So you got to drill this into your mind is that you will not have every single book do well. Which is why having an advertising stop in place is vital to prevent overspending. Too many people are emotionally attached to their books and end up spending too much money on them. You have to be somewhat robotic and mechanical in in this domain here with how you approach things. Again, you're approaching it in the sense that you're just going to test a product into the marketplace and then move on to the next if it doesn't work. So this is one of the reasons why I think it's a great idea if you are new, if you're struggling, or if you want to take your publishing to the next level is to be around people that are actively experiencing these things. So for example, inside of the Raidog membership in the the Raidog seller room Discord, we have publishers that share, including myself, everything that they publish because being able to get feedback on what you are publishing, what position you're in, your advertising stats is incredibly important. It's incredibly important. The most important thing you can do. It's the biggest advantage you have as a independent publisher who is just beginning or struggling with sales is to get feedback on what you are doing. And what I've noticed across the success stories that we have inside the Radar membership is that every single person that is having success has gone through this process of having a failure percentage of books but also having a stop on their advertising and getting feedback on their advertising and getting feedback on their books as well. So again, something consistent that you will see is that you will hardly ever see anyone that has between one and five books that is doing well. And even for people that have sold, for example, people that have sold their first 10,000 copies, they've had to go through this failure percentage to get to the point where they find these winning books and then they let them run. So, like I said, everything is included inside of the Radog membership. We have live calls every single Friday where I stay on for quite a long time and talk to people pretty much every single Friday. Um, we have the Discord community where people come in, they post their books, get feedback on their book covers, they post advertising campaigns. Um, pretty much everything that you could need to progress as an independent publisher. If you want to check it out, that is chrisog.com. So, with that in mind, let's talk about the next one to two years for publishing specifically on Amazon. And believe me, when you look at the advancements of AI, it is pretty obvious now, like if you saw from this video how fast we can create amazing content, amazing book covers. You got to prepare to be left behind with your publishing business unless you adopt an AI first approach. So when I talk about AI, people think that I'm trying to jump on to some kind of trend for these videos just to get the clicks and the ad revenue, which is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all by the way, that I'm just trying to jump on the latest trends. But AI, the advancements of AI, it is not a trend. It is not a trend. It is a shift. It is a shift. It is happening in front of us right now. So you got to be ready for that. And again, be around people that have an AI first approach at all cost. It can be a great thing for you. A wonderful journey is going to await you. A wonderful journey awaits you with lower production cost, faster production time, and ultimately, if you know what you're doing, much better books. But you do need to have systems in place to help you build away from Amazon as well. So in the next few years, of course, with the advancements of AI, things um they're going to look completely different. I don't know exactly how they're going to look, but you should have systems in place that help you build a long-term income away from Amazon, such as collecting emails, having a landing page or a website, um and doing those type of things and being free from Amazon. So that's it for a video. But I hope to see you in another one very very