There's often confusion about what rules that you need to apply when you're conducting your niche research, particularly with software tools such as KD Spy, which is a tool that I use when I conduct my niche research or one of the tools I use. But in this video, I'm going to try and provide some easy to follow rules that you can apply so you can actually find that niche because ultimately finding the right niche to publish in will help you in the long term. uh publishing in the wrong niche can cost you dearly being ranking for keywords, trying to get on the first page for your book, but also the keywords that you might be using for Amazon ads because the cost per click is a lot more in more competitive niches. So, let's run through these rules. Remember, if you don't have KD Spy and you'd like to purchase it, then if you use my link, you get my uh course, a 3-hour course absolutely free. It's valued at $99. So, you can purchase KD Spy of $79 and you get my $99 course absolutely free. Anyway, if you're interested in that, check out the link below. Let's get into things right now. And I hope you enjoy the rules that you need to apply when you're conducting niche research using a software like KD Spy. The first section is proof of concept. So, what are we searching for and how do we know what we should create to be able to compete against? When I say compete, we want to be creating books where we're not up against main authority figures. And those people could include very well-known authors or even big publishing houses. Those books tend to have big reviews or even those books that have been around for years and years where they've accumulated lots and lots of reviews because we know we can compete with books under 150 reviews. And that's where KD Spy will allow us in this column here to review that information. The second one is the monthly revenue of more than $500. And why is this important? Because it's making money. It's giving us evidence. So we can see in this column here the monthly revenue. And finally, we're looking for four to five books to meet this criteria. So let's work through an example. Let's just say the keywords that we're using for our topic are digger books for kids age 3 to 5 years. So we've done our research, we found this topic, and we're now looking to see whether there's 150 reviews and monthly revenue of $500. So, when you look at this, how many can you see by looking at the reviews here of 150 reviews or less, but earning more than $500 in revenue? I'll give you some time to have a look, count them up, and see if you can find at least a few that might meet our criteria. Right, there are four. I've highlighted them right here. We've got one, two, three, four, because you could probably just count this one. 152 reviews, but making over the $500 in monthly revenue. Seven reviews, $610. 57 reviews, $432. Probably a borderline one, but we'll count it. this one 136 reviews making n nearly 9,900 or nearly $10,000. So always ensure that the topics you are searching for are related to your topic. So you wouldn't count. Let's have a look at one. Let's have a look. My first book of planets. It's got nothing to do with digger books for kids. I'd probably count diggers, construction vehicles, those sorts of books would be relatable. So, as I mentioned here, could count this too, but we'll just sort of leave that one as well. What we're looking for is that there is proof of concept in our review of of information here. So, there is no reason we can't make a great book and compete with these books over the long term. This means if we have proof of concept and this book could make us $250 to $300 per month passively for the lifetime of the book. So if you had that book for a number of years, there's no reason why that amount couldn't start adding up to over $15,000 uh for the lifetime of that book was in which is incredible. And that's why this process takes time and that's why this process should be uh carefully considered as part of an important part and cog of your KDP machine. So let's do another one. We've got the keyword here of cursive handwriting workbooks. So are there four to five books that have a monthly revenue of $500 and less than 150 reviews? Have a look. Can you pick any out? Remember, we're looking for 150 reviews or less. And if there is, is that book making more than $500 estimated monthly revenue? Let's have a look at the outcome. Yes, it meets our books. There's six books with monthly revenue, but we've got a book here where it may not meet the criteria because it may not be related to what we want. So, we've got our cursive handwriting books here, 72 reviews making over 6,000 in revenue per month. This one here, 34 reviews making over $3,300 per month. You can look at these here. So Carson Delarusa, that's a major publishing house. Over 7,000 reviews, making good money, but we just can't compete with that. So we don't even include that in our results. So that would be given the green light. Let's do one final test. Now, I don't believe that this is going to be one that we can count. Do you know why? because I only found one one book with monthly revenue of $500 with less than 150 reviews on the topic of unicorn activity book for kids age 4 to8. None of the other criteria meet. So we would discount that book. I'm hoping you're understanding this process and what we're doing because the next lesson will be going into our topics that we found and we'll be using this process to eliminate those that weren't working. So, how do we find that winning book topic or that niche that are already profitable? What we need to do is make sure that we're using our list of those keywords that we used in the previous lesson. We need to test our research and find out whether those ideas are worth pursuing later on. Now, I'm going to go to the spreadsheet and then I'm going to go to Amazon and we're going to start to work through that list to find out if they actually meeting the criteria that we need. So, as you would recall from the previous lesson, I've compiled a list of different uh topics that I think I'd like to research further. Now, we're going to be using KD Spy. And the other key thing is that we're going to be using the Amazon search engine in incognito. So, let me start the process and we'll start with our first one right here. So, what I'm going to do is highlight this word right here. I plug that in right here and then I do the search. So, you can see these coming up right now. Now, I'm going to use our KD Spy right here to begin the process. So, we're looking for a couple of key things. We want four or five books with 150 reviews or less. And we also need a monthly revenue of $500 or more. So, let's go and do that right now. So, we go to KD Spy, click on KD Spy, and we're looking for those four or five books with under 150 reviews that are making $500 or more. Let's have a look here. And we're going to click either yes or no on our tracker. So, what we're looking for here, stage one or stage two, 150 reviews or less. We'll have a look. We can actually sort it. So, we have a look here. And we don't have any books here with 150 reviews or less. So what we do with this one is we just go no. So we go here and we go zero and we don't worry about that any further. Next one. Let's go count the construction vehicles I spy for kids. So we go back here and we click here. Wait for the books to come up. Then we go to KD Spy and we wait for it to load up again. And let's see what happens here. So, we're waiting for these results to come up. Might be a bit more promising this time as we just wait and as the results come up. So, we're looking for our reviews. We've got one here. So, it's 152 monthly revenue 1485. So, that's what we're looking for right there. So that that fits our criteria. So we're this one could possibly fit in, but we we want less than 150. So we might disregard that. So we've only got one at this point in time. So we go to our results here, and we just click one. Let's go to the next one. Coloring book of alphabet construction. We paste that in there. We search for it. And then we go to KD Spy. Okay. So let's go to reviews. We need 150 or less. Two. Three. We got three in that one right there. So, we click three right there. Let's keep going. So, we keep working through our list and then we go to KD Spy again. We're waiting for those results to come up that will be favorable to us where we've got 150 reviews or less and making more than $500 per month because we know we can compete with those books. So, just wait for this this to come up a bit more. And when once the data is showing, then we can do our review filter. So, we go down to here. So, we've got one, one there, and that one right there. So, we click one again. And we keep working through all of these different keywords to see if we can find one that meets all of our criteria. Let's try this again. You might see similar books come up based on the search, and that's okay. So, let's wait for this one to come up, and let's do our review filter. So everything under here. So we've got one, two, three. Three again in this one. That looks a bit more promising, that one. Truck activity book for kids. And we're going to do our same search again. So we wait for it to load up. We go to $500. Actually, probably easy reviews. We go down to 150 or less. And we've got one. So, more than $500. So, 4 5 6. That is a good one. So, we list that right there. Trucks, cars, and planes coloring book. Again, we copy it. We list it there. And we're going to use KD Spy again. So, wait for it to load. And we do a filter for the reviews. Go down. 150 reviews or less. We've got one, two, two books under that main keyword. So, what I'm going to do, I'm going to quickly go through these next books, and I'll bring up the results, and then there's another phase that we need to go to. I've now gone through each of the different keywords, book topics. The next stage is to highlight the ones that we're going to carry forward to stage two. So, we've got to search for four to five books with 150 reviews or less and monthly revenue. So, we've done that here. So, we're going to look for anything over or over four and plus. So, we're just going to highlight that green. Another one there and another one there. So, these are the three that we're carrying forward. We could almost call this stage three and stage four or even step four and then then we can work through that. So we now need to find out whether it relates to our topic these searches. So let's go back here, copy that. We're going to put that back in here. And we need to make sure that those books are relatable to the topic of truck activity books for kids. And you can do this as part of that first stage, but I do like to go back just to double check a few different things. Now, the traditional method is to find topics that have less than 3,000 results. This has got 20,000. For the moment, I want you to ignore that because that could comprise of Kindle books and a lot of different books that aren't related to this particular topic. So, we're going to go through and do our search. So, we if we go back, we've got six right here. So, we've got So, we go to here and backwards. monster truck coloring book. So, that could be one monster truck. You'd have to double check whether that is a copyrighted or trademarked term. I can't be 100% positive, but that could be another keyword you can look for if monster truck isn't trademarked. and you can do a trademark search for those keywords. But let's keep that in mind. So, we've got two there. This is another one. I spy monster trucks. And we're looking at where else are we here? Construction coloring book for children. This one here. Big construction truck activity books for kids. Monster truck. So, there's a few monster truck ones. Monster truck. Monster truck. Let's just do a quick have a We'll just go click here. Just out of interest. Let's copy that. Let's put that in here under our incognito. and let's do a search under KD Spy and let's find out what the results are. So, it's got 4,000 results and we're just waiting for this to come up. Let's find out if there's four to five books with 150 reviews or less that is making more than $500 per month. So, we do our search and we've got from here upwards. So, no, it's one. We'll call that one. So, we'll say two, [Music] three, four. So, this one here has no reviews. He's earning $3,615 per month with no reviews. So, that's interesting. It listed at $5.99. Let's just find out whether monster truck is actually a trademarked name. And I've now gone on to the USPTO, which is the patent and trademarks website. So you can see usptto.gov/trademark search. we go here and if we put in the u the monster truck then we can find out whether that's coming up. So let's do a basic uh word search. So we truck. Here we go. So these are the monster truck is trademarked. So that's where you've got to be very very careful if you're creating books that you don't have any issues regarding trademark and legal concerns when you infringe on a potential trademark. And that's where I recommend that you do your searches because any books with with monster truck, they could be compromising their their ability to sell or if they do sell well then the person that has the trademark could could legally pursue you. So I would stay away from monster truck or coloring book uh for that very reason. So back onto our tracker. I've just said no, but three do. So, let's go back to this one. Coloring book vehicles for toddlers. So, again, we go back here. We go back to search, but I just want to verify that the results are accurate and we're getting all the information that we need. You can skip this process if you want to and do it from the very beginning, but I just want to make sure that we are covering all of these steps in the right logical order. So, we go to reviews. We need to make sure that those are matching what we want. So, from here back toddler vehicle coloring book, that's fine. So, it's one, 3, 4, and let's call this 500. Four and five. Let's go back and we'll say yes. I think they're even. They might have been six there, but we're going to because there was a dot marker book. We're going to go yes equals five. And then finally this one here. Go back to incognito. Go to KD spy. And remember this process takes time. We don't want to rush it. We'd rather get it right from the beginning. Then we know that we have confidence to pursue that topic or that niche that we want. So we wait for these results to come up. Remember to keep it under US region under books. Filter from the reviews 150 and below reviews. So we've got this one. So that's doesn't count. So one dirt machines. Yeah, that's okay. And we'll call this two. Yep. So that's fine. And three big construction truck. Yep. Three. Okay. And I might have counted one more. Just trying to work out which one it was. So let's just go back to our tracker and we'll just do the S equals 3. And now we have these. So the books, can we progress them? Well, we're looking for four to five books. So technically no. So we might do that as a yellow or like an orangey yellow. That one definitely does. So we go green. And that one technically not. So we highlight that later on. These might be areas that we want to pursue. We can discount these ones. So we can highlight them in red because we don't need to pursue those ones anymore. That one we stop right there. And then we progress this one through. Yes, it does. it meets our proof of concept which will will mean that we can progress through to the final stage of actually creating our book and that's the process of elimination and also ensuring that we have proof of concept. So even though we have how many have we've got we've got 14 and I'm encouraging you to do about 20. We've gone through and listed these and out of those 14 there were three that proceeded through to stage three. Out of those three we have one that proceeds through to stage four and then we can start to work further through. Now the additional option we can do is to find out whether or how many books actually uh for this topic coloring book vehicles for toddlers made a couple of other additional options if we want to search for it and you're seeing it live. What we need to do is go back to topic. There's a couple other things that we can do on this. We've got 10,000 results, but let's tell you how many books, ignoring sponsored are ranked. Again, I know what I've done wrong. number of books that ranked under 150,000 on the first page. So, we go here and we've got two, that's ABC. We're not going to count that. We want to keep it under coloring books and vehicles. So, we got 5. We won't count the dot marker. One, six, maybe seven. There's so many. I think we could probably almost count the whole full page. Let's just do one more look at KD Spy and a few other things that we can look at here. So, the average sales rank is 244,000. average monthly revenue and the average price. So you can pick the price up as well. That's one thing you need to keep in mind. And what we can also do is get rid of what we call our outliners. So we get rid of any that are miles out from any of the others. So usually it's two to three. Get rid of that one. Get rid of that one and maybe that one. So they're the what we call our outliners. The all the others are all ranked really well. And these are just blow up books. They might just have a terrible cover. Might be using the right keywords in their title or subtitle. So the average sales rank is actually 47,000. And if we also look at the uh word cloud, this brings up different words that we can use for our analysis for using in our title and subtitles. They're the top five words across those books that are being used. And that's where KD Spy is fantastic. It'll bring that information up. And we can also see the total monthly revenue of these books as well. It's worthwhile pursuing. It's got average number of reviews there. And even though it has high competition, if you create a great book, there's no reason why you can't feature in these top books. Because as we know there are books here that have under 150 reviews that are earning some excellent revenue. So even if we go to let's just go to this one right here. If we scroll down, you can see it's ranked at 70,000. There's no A+ content being done and it's got one verified purchase. And we can also look inside it. Actually, you can't look inside this one at the moment, so it might be quite new. Oh, it's May 2011, so couple of months old. Let's have a look at the title and the subtitle. So, fire engines, excavators, pavers, rollers, emergency vehicles, age 2 to four. You've got the information here. So, there's not a lot of information as part of the description. They could probably improve that. And it's ranked number 18 in children's construction vehicles. So there you have it. I reckon you could compete with something like that if you created there's not a lot involved with creating a book like that. You've also got the back of the book right there too. So they've actually got a monster truck on there, but they haven't actually used the word monster truck in their description or any information. Although they have just here. So you just have to be very very careful with what you write. That's how you put together your tracker for your topic research. You move through each of the stages. This one is now ready to go. This one, yes, there's plenty. I'd say probably 10 10 plus. And the number of uh search results in the book category. Let's go back here. We have 10,000. If you could find something under 3,000, that's an absolute bonus. But that's not the direction that I want you to follow for this research because there are a lot a lot of terrible books out there. And you might find that a significant percentage of this 10,000 are just terrible books. If you can create a great book, and as you can see, there's some books in there that don't have a great cover, but still doing exceptionally well with one review, why can't that be you? And that's how we put together our tracker. So, there you have it. Remember, that's just scratching the surface for your niche research. There's a lot of different elements that you need to consider when you're looking for the right niche to actually publish in, but that's actually covered in the full 3-hour course. So hopefully you enjoyed this video. Remember if you want to get KD Spy and you want that free 3-hour course which comes complimentary when you use my link, just check out the description below. So thanks very much for watching. Give me a like, give me a comment if you like this video, and I will see you in the next one. Until then, goodbye. If you'd like to learn more about self-publishing, just make sure you visit my website, global self-publishing.com. And on this website, you'll find a ton of free resources. So, if you scroll down to the first page, you'll see an introduction to the website. You'll also get to see some of the courses and content that I've created for you. If you go all the way up to the top here, you can actually also go to the different resources that you can download for free. So, here's a number of resources that you can see straight away. Also, if you go to self-publishing courses, you can see that I've also got my premium self-publishing course on publishing children's book. I've also got free access to my 2-hour KDP fast track course. Take a look at the preview for that. And then further down, you'll see the other courses that are available, plus a sign up if you want to access all those courses for just $19 per month. And then finally, I've got software and tools. This provides an outline of the tools that I use for my publishing and it's a great opportunity to see what I use. I don't use a lot of software programs, but the ones that I do use are the ones that have helped me significantly to elevate my publishing for the last 5 years. So, thanks again. Remember to visit global self-publishing.com and all the resources that you need are just in one place.