One of the most common questions when it comes to Amazon KDP is how long does it realistically take to start getting sales? In this video, we are going to find out. I have started a brand new KDP account. I've uploaded Amazon KDP books, and I'll show you in this video how long it took to start getting sales. Now, as usual, we will explain things here on camera, but I'll also switch you over to my own computer and you can see all of this for yourself on screen recording. All right, without further ado, let's get straight into the results. All right, so switching over to the computer here, this is the Amazon KDP account that I have been using to show you guys tutorials on this channel. So if you have seen the other videos on this channel, this is where all of these books that you're seeing here that are still in draft mode, this is where they've all come from. We've done the full step-by-step tutorials to create these listings. However, if we scroll all the way to the bottom here and we go back to the second page, this is also the account where I ran this experiment of uploading and actually publishing several books here. I'll show you each one of these books and then we can look at the report and see how long it took to start getting sales. So starting on October 9th is when the first book went live. Now this is a camping-themed word search book. I've actually showed you guys how to make this exact book in a tutorial on this channel, but in order to make this as realistic as possible for one of you guys that is starting, I kind of showed that you can get off to a strong start. Uploaded one on October 9th, uploaded another one on October 10th, took about a week break here, created the next one October 18th, got another one on October 18th. So far, this is a total of four books. These are all word search books. Again, this is just such a strong niche. You will find out why here in a second. And then let's go back to the first page real quick. We've got another one right here about another week later, so October 24th, October 26th, and October 26th. So we have a total of seven word search books that were published in October. This is the first 30 days. When you start a brand new account on KDP, you have a maximum of three books that you can upload per day. This is Amazon's way of preventing spam accounts. However, the important thing to know here is that once you start getting sales on your account, that daily limit of three automatically increases. Then you can start uploading five or 10 books every single day onto your account. Now with that being said, I think for any of you guys out there creating seven books over the course of 30 days is absolutely realistic. So switching over to the earnings here, if we start this date at October 9th and we go a full 30 days to November 9th, looking at the report here, we only actually got one sale. Now, at first glance, this may look like this was a total bust. We did this for 30 days, we uploaded seven books and we only made $1.27. Well, that's only at first glance. Let me take you to the next 30 days. So if we go ahead and switch this from October 9th, we'll switch it to November 10th. We'll do this for the full next 30 days to December 10th. Now let's look at these sales. Well, this is where things start to get good and trust me, they keep getting better. So this is those same seven books. There is no paid advertising going on here. This is just those seven books starting to get their ranks on Amazon, then people organically find them, and as you can see, then they start making purchases. When it comes to selling on marketplaces, specifically Amazon, things don't happen instantly. You have to get your listing uploaded and then give it a little bit of time for Amazon to officially rank that in the search results, and then all of the traffic that's already going to Amazon will start to see it and then they'll start making purchases. So this is a perfect example of that. Over the first 30 days of having this account open, we took our time uploading our books. Then over the next 30 days, those books were officially starting to get their ranks, and that's when you start to see the sales starting. Now, once the books have their ranks, that's when they're just going to start getting more and more sales. So if we take this just one month further, let's go from December 11th to January 11th. During this 30 days, we made even more money. We made $29.17 in profit. And again, this is just those same seven books just securing their ranks on Amazon, more people are finding them, and very importantly, it's totally organic. There's no paid ads going on here. Now, something that is really important to note here is that typically these sales would've continued through this entire month and this would've been a lot more profit, however, this was the same month that I started to show you guys how to make these books specifically, so the niches that I had these seven books in, well, I shared how to make those books exactly, so a lot of copies of those books also went up on Amazon so the sales on these seven books specifically did start to taper off. Now, one other thing here is I like to be as detailed as possible here and give you guys the full story. So this does say all eight books, and we only had seven books that we were talking about before. The eighth book is actually another book that we used in a tutorial here. This was published on March 8th that went live, so this book was not part of the earnings. It wasn't even published yet back in January. Now guys, if you are thinking about getting into Amazon KDP, the biggest piece of advice that I can give you in order to get results like this is that you need to go into sub niches. This is something that I've learned and confirmed time and time again over the last 10 years of selling on marketplaces. Essentially what this concept is, is you can't just create big general things on marketplaces. If you're creating just a blank notebook or you're creating a general word search book, well, everyone else who's a seller on that platform has already thought of that idea, created and uploaded one of those as well so you're competing with a ton of people. The strategy that gives you results like this where you can just rely on organic traffic is all about finding underserved niches where there are people looking to make purchases on Amazon or other marketplaces, but not many other sellers have discovered it yet, so it's just kind of wide open, there's no competitors. Now, as you guys probably know, I try to cram as much value as possible into these videos, so real quickly, I will show you the process of how to find these underserved niches, but then I'll put a link down in the description below to a full step-by-step tutorial. It's another video here on YouTube that walks you through this process in a lot more detail. Now, when it comes to finding all these underserved niches, by far the easiest way to do this is to use a tool that pulls all the search data off of Amazon. So the tool that I use for this is called Book Bolt. You've probably seen this in my other videos. It's kind of a foundational tool for my KDP process. Come over to the left side. These are a lot of their tools here. There's even more you'll see in the other videos, but you click on keywords and then you go to search, and then all you have to do here is type in the type of book that you are creating. So for this example, we did seven word search books, so in order to find all the data on word searches, you just type in word search and give that a search itself. And then we are going to be looking at the left side here that says Amazon most trending. Real quickly, just switch the 10 to 100. It makes this process a lot more efficient. But essentially what we have straight away here is all of the behind the scenes search data from Amazon. This is specifically what types of word search books people are searching for on Amazon, and then to the right of it is how many people per month are searching for it. Now this data alone is extremely helpful, but there's actually one additional step you can do here that shows you how many people are competing in that niche. So guys, let's go through this real quick and I'll find you some examples here. I'll even show you some good niches you can go into. So this starts in alphabetical order. That's why it's numbers first. I typically skip past these and get into the A's. Now all you have to do here is scroll through here and anytime you come across an idea that you'd be interested in creating, just give it a heart. So adventure word search books, let's give that a heart. It has on average 2,000 people per month searching for that. Keep scrolling through here. Let's build just a quick list here. Alaska-themed word searches. Almost 4,000 people per month searching for that. Army-themed word searches. We've got astronomy-themed word searches, and guys, this is just the A's. You can keep scrolling through all of these. There are a ton of ideas that you can heart here. So now once we've gone through here and hearted a couple of these, let's just go back to keywords and then go to favorites. This is now going to have those couple that we've just hearted and this is where we can find out how many people are competing. So for each one of these, just click on these three little lines here. It pulls up the details, and we are looking at this information right here. So straight away I can tell you that this is an underserved niche because it has an A-rated competition score. Now the competition score is telling you how many other people are competing in that niche and it's graded kind of like in school, so you get an A if you did really well, you get an F if you did very poorly, and all the letter grades in between. So that's all I need to see here. I already know that this has 2,000 people per month searching for it and there's very few other competitors. You can also look at the estimated monthly sales volume. Just to give you an idea, it's estimating 71 sales per month just on this specific niche. So guys, that's all you have to do here is just build a list of A-rated competition score niches. We'll close out of this one. I'll show you another one here. Alaska word searches, let's see what that one is. This is another A-rated niche. You can start finding these very quickly. So very few competitors, estimated 137 sales per month. That's even bigger than the adventure-themed word search books. For those of you guys who are interested in creating word search books and wanna see exactly how I made the ones I uploaded on this account, I'll put a link to that video down in the description below as well. Guys, as always, if you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up. If you have any questions at all, just let me know down in the comments. Otherwise, I'll plan to see you all in the next video.