Hello everybody. Welcome back. Anu is out again today, but he should be out tomorrow hopefully. Anu, what do you got for us today? &gt;&gt; So yeah, chat GBT has some new news. &gt;&gt; Awesome. I got some more Google volatility, including changes to Graedia's visibility. And Greg &gt;&gt; and there may be some new experiments in your PMAX accounts campaigns. &gt;&gt; Awesome. All right, a new one ready. So yeah, um, Chat GBT Open AI, you know, the team behind our new Chat GBT ads, they've started testing in the US. Um, and yeah, they've shown like what it's going to look like. Um, and yeah, they're saying that during the test, Open AAI is going to be matching ads to conversation topics, past chats, and prior ad interactions. Um, OpenAI, they will show ads to logged in users on the free tier and its lowest cost. go subscriptions and um advertisers won't see user conversations or influence chat GPC's chat GPT's responses even though ads will be tailored based on when AI open AI believes it will be helpful to each user um and yeah they'll be able to personalize a lot of things like personalize the ads like um you know users seeing the ads they'll be having toggles to change change that um up and down so yeah they're going to start they've started doing that now so who knows maybe some people might start seeing that option to do that um very Have you guys seen any ads? &gt;&gt; I haven't seen any ads. Um, but I assume they're rolling. I seen some people see them. And Greg, did you sign up at openai.com/advertisers? &gt;&gt; Yes. [clears throat] So, there is a nice sign up now. I'm signed up. Haven't heard anything, but cool. If you're an advertiser, I'm assuming those $200,000 minimums should probably not be around forever if they're trying to go for a bigger audience and more ad dollars. But nice to know that there's like an effort made towards advertisers. That's that's nice. &gt;&gt; For sure. For sure. All right. So, keep us posted community on when you see those ads and what you think about them. And if you become an advertiser, definitely let us know. We'd love to see the interfaces you have to control that. Um, and then Google search ranking volatility seems to be heating up again starting today, February 10th. Figured I'd cover this because it seems like it's early on. Um, we'll see if more of the tools pick up on it soon and more of the chatter starts. But I seeing a significant amount of chatter starting this morning and some of the tools actually already picking up on this. So, if you are noticing ranking volatility outside of the Google discover update, which is separate from this, uh, definitely let us know. And with visibility issues, um, Google seems to have kind of dinged graipedia or Gropedia, which is basically the AI based uh, Wikipedia created by Elon Musk and and friends. um it does get a lot of pages indexed. If you do a like a site command for grape, you'll see Google has indexed tremendous amount of pages since the last time we covered it. Uh and their traffic speak spiked um according to Seamrush and Cyrix sometime about I don't know a few like a week a few weeks ago or so and now it seems to be diving back down and not doing well. And this is according to Citrix and Seamrush data from Glen Gabe. And then also Malt from Pekai or PKI um went ahead and showed some visibility charts specifically with AI mode, AI overviews and even chatbt and it all showed that they saw a decline um towards the last week of January which is super interesting to see chatbt actually follow Google in terms of the visibility they're giving uh Graedia. super interesting. Obviously fun to watch his SEOs. Uh so keep an eye on that in terms of AI content doing really well and then all of a sudden not. Um and then Greg on ads. Yeah. So we heard about the new AV testing that assets for performance max campaigns within Google ads and Matteo Bragada had seen over on LinkedIn that Google is rolling out the controlled AB testing for creatives specifically within Performance Max. So you may see it in some of those campaigns if you recall. In this case, you get sort of like assets a which they call a control. You put in [clears throat] everything you need to know about whatever the sale is, whatever the creative is, images, and everything like that. And then [snorts] you get a treatment alternative for your assets. And that is really the experiment that they're calling it a treatment. Um, and then if there are common assets, you can just keep them in both. And you then set the traffic split. So you can say I want 50% to new, 50 to old, or change it so that you kind of feather in the new creative if you'd like. Um, and then you can launch it away. So it's in some campaigns. If you're looking to test creatives, check out your performance max. Barry has some screenshots over on search engine round table as to where you will see this and how you can set that up. Um, and [clears throat] then lastly, I would just say kind of a nice little thing, but I don't know if anybody ever uses these the little citations that you see with the favicons over on um the citations for the AI overviews, it seems, or sorry, in AI mode, this one is there's so many different AIs now. They just have to talk about there's AI max, AI mode, AI overviews, AI everything. So, this is for AI mode. And instead of having the cards on the side, the favicons on that right hand rail have been up in the top. It also seems like now there's a test in the wild spotted by Satchin Patel where those favicons are now underneath the answer. So in this case it looked like somebody was looking for some sort of stethoscope or heart kind of instruments or something like that. You see the answer, you see some of the products and then underneath it you can see the favicons. It's Google. something else and six others. Again, I don't know how many people search or like click on those little citations because they are so small. But it does seem like at least there's more of them and they're at least in that sort of, you know, main frame there, the main AI mode SER and not outside in that right rail. So, I don't know. Barry, any thoughts on this one? I don't Do you hit citations? Do you hit those little favicons? I do because I want to see what they're coming from. And I don't see this in the wild, but this is I think the more icons and citation links that they have is the better. I don't know if this is actually going to do well. I think the thing we saw yesterday with the um I don't know if we actually covered it, but basically the AI overviews contextual links where you mouse over a certain thing, click on it, and then it'll actually show you like a contextual overlay, which I'll embed here also in the story. I think that would that's more profound than than that, but um we'll see. Again, anything Google could do to drive traffic downstream would be amazing. So, uh, doesn't hurt to have more links. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, it's no it's no Yahoo Scout, though. I'll say a couple weeks back. Yahoo Scout had a lot of links. I I &gt;&gt; It was a lot better than Yahoo. &gt;&gt; No. Yeah. Hopefully Yahoo's pushing them, making them dance and had more links. So, we'll see. &gt;&gt; Google needs to scout it up here. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Let's go. All right, everyone. Have a great day. Thanks so much for listening. We're back tomorrow with more. It's new. Bye. Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye.