There is only one way to navigate your keyword research if you are a KDP publisher like you are a genuine you know what you are doing in KDP publishing business. So follow me in this video. Let me show you how to get a profitable keyword for your KDP business. This is not a keyword that will make you less money. This keyword that will potentially feed you with money. You know one thing about KDP is all about business in is all about keyword. It's not only KDP. It is relatable even in your marketing strategy. Even in anything that you are doing online and you don't have a profitable keyword for that it will be something that will not even going to y interest. Did I just say yet interest? Yes. Something that is not going to grow as you wanted. So follow me in this tutorial. Let me just show you a quick research tip that you need to know. And I don't want this video to be much much long. So as you can see we are now in KDP. We are now in Amazon D. As you can see this is Amazon.com. You can actually go and your KD I'm using incognito tab. Yes, always use your incognito tab. The reason is that so that Amazon will not keep showing you according to what you have searched in the previous time. So that anytime you approach the new details now so anytime you come new Amazon will show you something new something that you need to know you understand all right so in case you don't know me I am publishing cash flow academy so all I all we do here is show you profitable ways to make money on KDP business and everything you need to know about KDP business most importantly the design aspect that is the designing of the book boot book cover the design of Apos content and the design of book interior this three designing is very very very vital so in this in this channel all we do is we provide you about that how to do that how to do it very very simple so in this video I'll be getting a lot of question from my audience how am I going to do for my keyword research I want to publish my book but I don't know how to get my keyword So what I'm trying to show you guys is how to do it effortlessly with smooth without no premium tools. All right. So in case you want to get any premium tools, what I would suggest you start from you start from tit titan pro. Yes, titan pro is very very beginner friendly. So all right. So this is Amazon website. All right. So this is Amazon website. First thing we are going to go you can go to your Chrome browser. As you can see me, I open my Chrome browser and I go to the incognito tab. You don't know how to go to incognito, I just click on this three dot there. You see, look at incognito tab. You just open it incognito tab. So me, I don't need to open it because I'm already there. All right. So we are first thing first and foremost thing we are going to do is just change our address. Change this. Click on this deliver. And me I'm going to insert foreign. You can you can you can actually can actually do it from anywhere any hours. For me, I want to be searching from the US aspect. All right. So, it is advisable that you do like you do what I do. All right? So that you are going to get it more more. The first thing another thing you going to do is just click on this bestseller. See this bestseller here. Click on it. So don't bother. Click on it. It will bring you bunch bunch of bestseller products. Bunch of them. Bunch of them. As you can see this see this house is is selling as in this this slippers has been selling for best seller for long for long. You can do a lot in this Amazon platform. All right. So let's just go straight to our business. So as you have opened it just move down to books. Click on books. All right. So immediately you click on boost it is going to automatically take you to the best sellers boost. All right. So here now all you are going to do is what niche do you want to publish your book? What is your own interest and remember in this business of Amazon publishing business it is not matter of you it is matter of your audience is matter of your customers. It depends on how you are build your own capacity to be like. All right. So now I am going to show you guys how to navigate all those things. So for me in this video based on this because of this video I am going to go for a tech book. Yes, technology book. So computer I'm going to click on computer and technology. Of course you can go for travel guide, you can go for cookbook, you can go for self-help, you can go for anything artificial intelligence all those books they are selling. All right. So I've come here. So another thing is for me to take a subniche because if I if I choose to publish in this computer and technology it will be very very very very real. It is very very very very very comp. [Music] Um so for me let me just go for mobile phone and tablet and e reader right so as you can see this is it this is it and these are the best sellers in this subniche so what the first thing that I'm going to do is to get my seed keyword when I mean seed keyword is like okay let me first of all use this one as an example let me use this as an example open it in new browser scroll down all right so let just check it. Let us let me just show you what a seed keyword is. What you see and you believe that okay this is my seed keyword. As you see this is the complete iPhone. This is the complete iPhone for seniors. All right. So the seed keyword here is iPhone 16 guide. This the seed keyword is actually iPhone 16. It is not the complete complete is just something that just back it up. But the main seat keyword that people are searching for, the main seat keyword that brought out this this book is iPhone 16. All right. So, let me just use another book for another book for an example. I don't want to use this iPhone. How to manage content. Let me use for another let me check for another book. Another book. Wow. I can see iPhone. iPhone is actually trending here. iPhone is actually trending here for this tech and computer. All right. So this is it. This is another one. This is another one. Android smartphone. As you can see, Android smartphone is the seed keyword. So with this tech with this tit, I want you to get you will get you will get your seed keyword in different in different pattern. I don't know if you understand what I mean. You you get it in different pattern just in the same category, but you'll get it in different pattern. And it does not matter the what you are searching for. So you can actually navigate and if you don't if you don't choose to go for mobile phone or this thing but I don't advise you to niche down don't don't niche too down it's gone at the days that one course creator will tell you niche down niche down make sure that it's not no me I don't advise such because of what because if you are niching down maybe you niche down and niche to the extent that nobody will buy nobody searching from it all right so the best thing you are going to do is because he's okay like this. Don't don't overstress yourself. It's okay like this. So for you, you can go and explore so many names. Well, let me just let go straight to how to get your seed keyword. All right. So for this one now, you are seeing here is iPhone 16. But for this, I'm not going to just copy iPhone 16. I just I'm going to copy it like this. iPhone 16 for guy. Copy it. go to your you can go to anywhere. Let me just go to my notepad and paste it. You can you can bring an you can bring a shell sheet for that and be posting it. So, but let me go let me just post it in my notes pad and that's the one keyword. So, you go back you search for another one and there is no mandatory that you must all these books here that are new release new release. You can to them you can to them. You can to them round. All right. So, let's just go on. As you can see, all these things they are they are very very nice. All I'm seeing here is iPhone iPhone guide iPhone guide iPhone. That's okay. That's good. That's that's so move on. Let's just move on. As you see, iPhone this one is Samsung Galaxy. So, if you want if you have interest in that, you can pick it. But as for me, I don't pick it. I don't think I'll pick it. I don't think I will pick it. So I just want to show you that you see that is the main keyword. So as it is now let's just move to the second page of this book. The second page of this book let's let's know if we can download if can get more more puts more seed keyword research. So if you are doing this research you don't be in hurry. You hear me? Don't be in hurry to ah let's let just do it sharp and know what we are doing those do it fast fast and go and publish book no just calm calm down and do it do your research this is what will determine how fast you sell your book so I'm going to take I'm going to tell you guys in this video just calm down follow me to the end so that will show you how I'm doing my own and if you implement the same thing that I'm doing you are going to get result that I'm getting all right so that is it just calm Um, do your research. Do your research. Check. Check for new ones. Check for if you can if you can publish. If you can write, let's just open this one in new. Oh, I just open this one in new. As you can see now, this is IMAC M4 user guide for seniors. So, if you going you are still going to copy it. is a is a seed keyword you get is a seed keyword is a seed keyword. So what you are doing what you are doing you are just gathering your seed keyword. You are gathering it does not mean that you have getting the keyword where you are going to use. No, you are gathering it because you are going to you are still going to go to Amazon, analyze those keyword, check for the profitability of this keyword, check for the the supply and demand of this keyword, check for how s the search volume of this keyword which is actually the demand of this keyword and how good the BSR in this keyword, how is it selling, how books in this. So this is I want to show you in this video this is how to get to get those profitable keyword that you are you are going to target you get all right so let's just move on let's just move on all right so this is second page and we have to everywhere we could only pick two keyword right so for you you can pick as many keyword as you are but me I don't want to pick one specific keyword like if you if you into UX and UI designer you can actually pick this it's actually written by an independent publisher all right and the book is doing very very very very well so let us move to another niche so that we can check if we will see we'll see another profitable keyword here once we get up to five keyword I I will just show you briefly show you how to analyze it because I don't want this video to be too long I want it to be as short and important as ever. So now let us go to another one. Another one we not let us go for programming or programming language. Let's go for programming languages. All right. So this is it. Programming languages. You are going to see a lot of books under this category. A lot of books under this category. And you can see everything here is Python. Python. Python. Py. Python. So this is coding coding interview patterns. So and if you have experience in coding you can go ahead and write this book. I've told everybody I've told you guys anytime you want to write a book make sure at least you know what the books is. You know what the books is. All right. Some people say that this uh the no is not profitable uh based on the n this niche is not profitable. How do you know that it's not profitable? How do you know? Have you done your research? You have not done research and you are concluding yes. How how will it possible? How will it work? All right. So let's just scroll down and take get our don't leverage on one page. Always try to explore yourself. As you can see, Apple watch senior watch. Apple watch senior guide. Hey. Oh, people are people are not smiling like people are publishing back to back. So, let us let us start this new release books and see what they have for us. You see, go do for beginner. Go dots for beginner. You see and this this is a big company that is prod publishing this book. Big company. Big company. Now this is VIP coding for beginners made easy. Python illustrated. Vibe coding for beginner made easy. All right. Open it. You copy it. Vibe coding which is the this is the key seed keyword. What is wrong? What is wrong? Copy now. All right. So we are there. We have copied it. We go and paste it normally as you do. All right. So, paste it and we come back again and we keep our research going. We keep our research going. Make sure you are getting keyword that you like. Make sure you are getting keyword that you like. All right. So we search we search we search we search we search JavaScript programming full stack project boot camp phras programming as you can see there's a lot of keyword code explorer there's a lot of thing to write on this KDP there's a lot of keywords to get from this KDP but because of this time I don't want this video to be too long so let me just cut here and let us go and do verification on the ones we have gotten. You understand? So, let us just go and do verification on the one. We are still going to do it on this same platform. As you can see, let me just move and let me just click here. Go back to my place where I have stock all those things and then get this. Then, let's go and search them. Let's go and search them. Let's see how profitable it is. will post it. And this is another way to get a profitable keyword because this is for Amazon to show you this. It means that people are actually searching for it. iPhone 16 user guide for senior iPhone 16 plus user guide for this keyword. iPhone 16 for seniors and beginners guide. So, let's just search for this one. Let's just search for the one that we have already gotten as a seed keyword. Let us see what it has for us. So, um, in this video, I'm not using any tools. I'm not I don't want to use any tools. I just want to show you guys how it can be profitable to you. I don't want to show you something that it will be something that was but not it's not everybody is is that has that 20 $25 $50 to pay for a tool. So, I'm doing everything free. All right. So, just follow me. Let's go. So the first thing you have to check is the BSR of the books in that your category. So as you can see this is the complete iPhone 16 Pro guide the actual one that we use and as you can see it is tax 4 34 6 or 689. So let us go to TCK but we shall let's see how perfect is doing understand how I mean how well the book is doing and this this uh TCK publisher is going to tell us how many sales this book is generating in a day. You get it? So and this is another one iPhone 16 for seniors and beginners guide. This is a boost. This is simple book that we can create. This is simple as you can see is 25 9753. This is iPhone 16 for seniors made easy 50. All these books they are selling iPhone 16 for seniors and beginners guide and it's 83. None of them like first let us take the first five books there are less than less than 100 and they are independent publishers independent published books. All of them that independently published is somebody like me and you that published this book. So for for you to know that is a lot a lot of audience for you. There's a lot of audience for you. So let us lose this Amazon book sales calculator to calculate what we have here. All right. So and we are going to first of all change it to book and then let us go back and let's go back and check how. So it is 34. Let me just copy and paste it. Start wasting time. Then remove all this comma because I don't like it. Then calculate the sales. So this book is making nine sales per day and 128 sales per month. And first know that this is an estimated what they can estimate. So all right. So it is not that it is actually doing it but it's possible that it can doing I rate it for like five sales per day and 80 sales per month. You get it? All right. So let us move on. Understand? So this that shows that this this book is profitable if you have time to do it. So now let me just open I don't want to open anybody's book in this video because of some secrets. But um in my in my if you want me to do more expand on this on this keyword research then you have to join my free WhatsApp class where I drop tips and I also drop free videos on how to do all those things yourself. As you can see this one is 14 1479 Let's just check it. 14791 14791 is doing massively okay good so as you can see this one is let me just say this one is 10 per day and 200 per month that is or eight and then 180 150 per month it is doing a really very awesome so that is it this is how this video I've showed you How to get your seed keyword and how to analyze those key keyword. There's a lot of thing to do. There's a lot of thing to check and the first is check if the BSR which we have checked and the also the supply which was also here which is few it has low supply and it is profitable. this iPhone 16 Pro it is is profitable and the best things to do is to start publishing books and start creating books and also don't try to invent the wheel I just try to create something that will be valuable try to be professional in your creating ability this all this is what you can do all these books is what you can actually create with a simple guide that you will get understand. So this is all for this video. In case you are first time of visiting, please do well to subscribe and hit the like button so that Amazon will distribute this video so that sorry I said Amazon so that YouTube will expand this video to more people that is a publisher. All right. So thank you and never forget we have academy that will teach people how to design book interior how to design your book cover how to get profitable keyword more than this this is just a minor thing just it's just a front door that I showed you so in my in my inner room in my which I called the academy the cash flow academy I'll teach you how to do all those things how to design the book print book interior how to design your book cover how to design your A+ content, how to get profitable keyword and also give you template for all those things. So he's very very very very jam-packed and we are cooking a lot. More videos are coming. We are updating it every every single day. As you can see, we are doing our videos every day. All right. So keep on following this channel if you want to. But if you want to learn on YouTube, why not make sure you subscribe to this channel and keep asking your question in our comment section while we are there to reply you at any time. All right, so catch you up in the next video. Go out there and keep publishing. Never give up. Yeah.