All right. So, if you're looking to master Amazon KDP keyword research and find winning, profitable book topics every single time, then this is the video for you. I'm going to walk you through my exact keyword research process to find winning topics based on data, not luck. Let's get into it. So, who am I and why do I even know what a good keyword is? So, my name is Ken and I've built a multiple six-figure Amazon KP audible business. I have multiple books that have earned well into the five figures in all sorts of different topics. Also sold over 9,000 audio books. On top of that, I've grown a YouTube channel of over 20,000 subscribers and almost a million views helping people publish better books. I've also helped people hit some real milestones of their own with their own businesses and done hundreds of coaching calls and Q&amp;A calls. So, I've been in this game for a while. I have thousands, if not tens of thousands of hours in the Amazon KB space, and I've validated hundreds, if not thousands of keywords. So, first things first, what exactly is a keyword? So, a keyword is simply what people search on Amazon to find something and to buy it. And so what I've said before in my other videos is that a keyword is basically a book topic because somebody who is searching up a keyword on Amazon is looking for a specific book on something. So I like to use them interchangeably because we don't just want to look for broad keywords and make a separate book topic. We want to make a book topic that is directly aligned with our keyword to have the highest chance to actually make sales. So I'll dive more into that in a second. Basically, where do we find these potential topics? So, we are going to quickly go through this, but we're just going to look through the bestseller categories of Amazon and click through the books that are there and start to record some potential topics in a spreadsheet. And so, where do we look to actually validate these potential topics? We of course will dive into my validation process. We're basically just going to look on the first page of our search results. And that's the only place we need to look to get as much data as we would need. And our goal with all this is to find a topic that is solving one problem for one person. We want to prove that people are already buying that topic. We also want to prove that it's not too competitive and we can actually sell or have a chance to sell. And then after we've done that, we then create exactly what the customer wants, that is more desirable than the competitors. And this is how you really achieve success with Amazon KDP. We're going to go through that process right now. Something very important that you need to know is we do not create a book and then find a keywords for our book to rank hunter. Do not do this. This literally makes no sense. This is not how people shop on Amazon. And we need to find a proven keyword or book topic that is proving there are people searching and buying it. And then we create a book directly for that customer because we just prove that they are already there. And this is how people shop on Amazon. They are shopping specifically searching up what they are looking for or the problem they're looking to solve and buying whichever book gives them the most compelling offer that they're going to help them solve that problem. All right, let's dive into the actual process and how I find winning keywords. All right, so the first thing that you are going to need is this spreadsheet here. This is the metrics that I use to validate book topics. I will leave it in the description below. You can download it completely free. When you do go and opt in and download this spreadsheet, you will also get opted into my 15 days of publishing mastery, which is basically a 15-day email series that dives deep into the entire book creation process, right from finding your topic to launching your book successfully. So, that series on top of this video is going to set you a really good foundation moving forward. All right, so how do we find potential book topics? I'm not going to dive super deep into this. It's very straightforward. All you're going to do is open up an incognito or private browser so your search results aren't skewing the results. From there, we're going to go into the Amazon bestseller categories. Once again, I will leave this linked below. And all I do is just go through these categories here, find some potential bug topics based on their titles and then record them in my spreadsheet. Now, I'm going to do this for at least 100 to 300 potential topics. The more you get and the more time you spend, the more gold you're going to find that is hidden within. and then we can go and validate them and then compare them all and see which one looks the best. So, it's as simple as going into these categories. We can go into craft hobbies and home, gardening and landscape design. Although, if you've watched any of my videos before, you know I don't recommend gardening books because they're very seasonal. And from there, we can just start to record some topics. So, I see raised bed gardening for beginners, the backyard homestead. So, these are all potential topics we can put in our spreadsheet. I already have some examples here, but we can go raised bed gardening. And you're just going to want to go through basically all these categories and go as deep as you can. The reason being is if we're only spending five or 10 minutes doing keyword or topic research, the odds of us finding something that somebody else hasn't already found is very slim. If we found something in 10 minutes, most likely somebody else will have as well. So don't be afraid to spend some time and go deep. Second way to find keywords is as you're going through these categories, start to click on some books that intrigue you. And then when you click on these books, you're going to get recommended even more books in the suggestions. And these are going to be more potential topics as well. And this is where you find a lot of hidden books inside Amazon because they're not just on the service level categories. You're only going to see them if they're on other books or recommended that way. Otherwise, you wouldn't actually see them. So don't be afraid to start to click into these books as well. And the more you click into these books, the more potential topics that you're going to find. So as you can see, I'm on a book that is balanced exercises for seniors. If you scroll down, you're going to see other topics like resistance band training for seniors, core exercises for seniors, and a bunch of other different topics. And so, like I said, as you keep clicking in, you're going to find more and more of these. All right, so finding potential book topics isn't necessarily that hard. Let's dive into my actual keyword validation process that I've used for every one of my books and I teach to my students. So, like I said, I will leave this link below. Definitely go and download it because it's going to make your keyword research process way easier. So, there are two main things that I look for when validating potential book topics. The first one is the traffic and demand. Second thing is competition and visibility because I do not care how good of a book you have or how many reviews you have. If there is no traffic and demand or there is too much competition, it's going to be very hard to sell. And so I always start with traffic and demand because if there isn't enough demand in the topic, I'm not even going to keep looking. I'm just going to go to the next keyword. And so demand is the single most important thing when it comes to finding a winning book topic on Amazon. And after doing well over 150 one-on-one coaching calls, the biggest thing I see with people who their books just aren't selling is the demand is too low. And no matter what we do to their book, it's going to be very hard to pull in sales. So, let's validate a few topics here. So, I do have some samples here. We'll see how many we get through. But let's start with beekeeping for beginners. So, all I'm going to do is search up the topic, look on page one, and start to fill out the spreadsheet. And so, if you're wondering how I can see these BSR ranks here, this is the bestseller rank. Basically, every book on Amazon has a rank based on all the other books in relation to how much it sells. And so, to view this, you're going to need either the Book Beam tool, which I will leave linked below. It is a paid tool, but I do have a bit of a discount code there for you. But if you don't want the paid tool, I will also link a free one as well called DS Amazon quick view. So, let's start with traffic and demand. So, what exactly are we looking for to actually prove if the topic has demand? So, the first thing is search volume. This is seen through the book beam tool. So, if you don't have the book beam tool, that's fine. Just forget this. But search volume alone does not determine if a keyword is good or not. We have to pair that with a few other metrics. The first one being, are there any winning books? Are there any books that are proving that if we create a book, we can sell? Because a book that has 5,000 reviews that's selling well does not prove that we can sell because we will not be able to get 5,000 reviews. So, we want to find some books with lower reviews with a low bestseller rank telling us that it is possible to sell with a low amount of reviews. And on top of that, we also want to look for something that I call dead books. So dead books are books that have enough reviews, but for some reason they're just not selling. And so if there's a ton of dead books and barely any winning books, or even none at all, it's basically proving that there is more chance that we can't sell than a chance that we can't. And so all we want to do is find a balance between actual winning books, dead books, and some decent search volume. And that should be enough to tell us that there is demand for the topic. So diving back into beekeeping for beginners, the first metric is the search volume, of course. So we have 1,800. So now we're looking for winning books, and these are books that have 250 reviews or less and around a 25,000 BSR or less. We want a book that has lower reviews, that is selling well. And now you're probably thinking that 250 reviews is actually a lot of reviews. But the reason why I do this number is because how I teach my students to launch their books, they're going to get at least 80 to 100 reviews. And I can promise you if a book has 200 to 250 reviews with a worse cover and title than a book that has 100 reviews, the 100 review book will outsell it. And so this is totally fine. But the big thing we want to avoid is books that have over 500 or over a,000 reviews. Those are the ones that is hard to compete with. That is a metric we will touch in the competition and visibility. So now just going down the page, I'm just looking for books with under 250 reviews with a low BSR rank under 25,000. So as you can see, these ones here have over 2,000 reviews. So they are not a contender. So basically on the first page I'm seeing literally none. And so this is very important. There is zero winning books. I'm not going to publish on this topic. And so this is a big thing I see when I do do coaching calls is a lot of people will just pick a topic like beekeeping for beginners. Oh, it looks okay. There's some search volume and wonder why their book doesn't sell. But I just proved that we literally can't sell. There's no proof of book selling. And if you look closer, the only books that are actually selling have thousands of reviews, but even then, they're making no money. $2 a day, $16 a day, $12 a day. These are books with literally thousands of reviews. If your book has 3,000 reviews, you should be making good money. So, this proves that the demand for this topic is very low. And basically, there's only one real book that's actually selling well. And this just isn't enough proof to tell us that this keyword is good. So, just for the sake of the example, let's go through the other metrics so we know what to look for. The first one is dead books. So, like I mentioned, these are just books that have reviews. They've been launched, but they're not selling. So, roughly around 25 reviews or more. Let's just start counting. So, we have one, two, 12, 13, 14. And like I said, we're only going to look at the first page because this is where we want our book to rank. So, there's 15 dead books. So, now you're starting to see the pattern here that keyword research isn't hard when you know what to look for. We just proved that there are no books selling. Only ones that are selling is maybe one or two with lots of reviews. There's 15 books on the first page alone that are not selling at all and they do have reviews. And so in no world would this be a good topic to publish in. So this is why it's so important to understand what to look for because a good keyword on Amazon makes all the difference. A bad keyword makes it feel impossible. So if you do want to learn my exact Amazon KP system and how you can actually get help with your potential topics and have an expert review them before you select one and move on to the book creation process, you can click the first link in the description. Watch that video. is going to outline my exact process and how it can help you with your Amazon KP business. So, let's move on to the next metrics for the sake of the example and then validate a few more keywords. So, we have search results. This is going to be the little number up here to tell you how much basically saturation there is in the topic. How many books are actually ranking? There's 3,000. The next metric under competition and visibility is do the books match the search term. So, this is a very important metric. This is not one that I see most people talk about, but this is basically proving that the keyword that you're searching actually relates to the books that are there because we want specificity. People know what they're looking for on Amazon. And if we type in diet books and then just make a random diet book, there's no way we're going to sell because that term is way too broad. And so, we want to be typing in keto diet cookbook for beginners, proving that those books are actually selling than making a book for that specific topic. And so, in this case, I'm going to go yes. As you can see, these are very much books on beekeeping for beginners. There's the odd scraggler, but in my opinion, this is very specific to the search term itself. So, we can go yes. Next metric is pages of books. So, this goes into the overall saturation of the topic because if there is 30 plus pages of books, it's going to be very hard to actually rank on page one, which is our end goal. Now, this metric isn't super important because in my opinion, as long as you hit these numbers here and there isn't too many authority figures, that's fine. You can easily bypass the other books by simply making a better book and launching it. Well, but it's still something I like to look at. So, to keep it as simple as possible, all I'm going to do is go through the pages of this search term and find where it starts to turn into a different topic. So, as you can see, these books are very clearly on beekeeping for beginners. But as you start to look through the pages, you're going to see the actual volume and saturation of the topic. As well as it's a good predicting factor to where your book is going to rank when you publish it. Because when we publish our book to Amazon, nothing really happens. it might get thrown on page five or six depending on how much pages of books there are and it's our job to get reviews drive sales so our book ranks high in the rankings. So we're on page four. Let's go to page five. Page six. So as you can see page six, there's a lot of books here that are still on beekeeping for beginners. However, some of them have no reviews or 13 reviews or one review. So it's very safe to say that as long as we get at least one or two reviews, make a couple sales, we're probably going to rank at least here. So this is page six. So, just to be safe, I'd say there's probably seven pages of books. So, like I said, this metric isn't super important. The important thing is the authority figures, which we're going to dive into in a second, and the traffic and demand. The only way this would matter is if there's 15 or 20 plus pages of books in really popular and saturated topics like big diet books like Keto Diet. So, we're going to go six. The reason I say it should be five or less is because as a beginner, it's a lot hard to compete, especially with your first few books. You don't really know what makes a good book. So, the less the better. But as long as it's under 10, that's probably fine. So now the final metric we want to look at before we dive into a few other keywords to validate is authority figures. So these are books that have anywhere from around 500 reviews plus because these are books that are very hard to compete with. And now misconception is that authority figures are celebrities or experts. If an expert in the topic only has 150 reviews, I'm going to beat that guy all day long. Actually have before outsold quote unquote experts in the topics. The important thing is the review count. So an authority figure is a book that has over 500 to a,000 reviews where we cannot compete with them. People are just going to buy that book impossibly. They are not just experts. So let's have a look at the authority figures here. So we have 1 2 3 4 five I would say six. This book isn't very good, but it's still a lot of reviews. So it's quite a bit. So as you can see there is no books with low reviews selling. There are a ton of books with low reviews that aren't selling. And there are over seven authority figures, books that have over 500 reviews. And so, in no actual world would you ever sell on this topic. This just proved it for me. And this is why I love this spreadsheet so much is because you don't have to do any work. You just have to put in some metrics. It's going to tell you if the keyword is good or not. And of course, it does take time to really know what to look for and understand the nuances of how, let's say, the books match the search term and what is an actual keyword versus book topic. But you do learn that as you go through this process. But the important thing is we are solving one problem for one person being very specific. The books match the search term and we hit all the other metrics in green. So let's go through a few other keywords and just really get a feel for the process. So the next one is survival skills for kids. So I'm going to run through this one a bit quicker to save time of course. But for the search volume we have 642. For the winning books we have let's see here. I guess there's none again. So for the dead books let's have a look. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. And if you're wondering about the BSR rank for dead books, anything around 100,000 BSR or more. But the reason I like the book beam tool is it actually tells you how much money this book is making. So you don't really need to worry about what the numbers mean as much. It's just going to tell you if the book's actually selling or not. So five, six, yeah, there's there's quite a few. There's about seven or eight. That's about 10. So there's about 10 dead books. So once again, you're starting to see the pattern here. There's no books that are selling. There's lots of books that aren't selling. There's more proof that we can't sell than proof that we can't. It's as simple as that. We can simply go to the next keyword and see what we can find. So, let's go validate off-grid survival project all the way through and see if we can find something a bit better. So, now I will say that I don't really show many winning keywords in my videos. The reason being is because I have lots of students in my program and do have a content approval system where they can actually submit their book topics for me to go over and make sure that they are good. So, I see a lot of different keywords and there's lots of students who have found some really good winners and they put in a lot of work to find them and it's not really fair that I just throw them out into the world. So, try to be careful with what I share. Mainly only sharing things that are either very generic or not super good because I do have to protect other people's businesses underneath me. And if you do want to learn more about that content approval system as well as my entire KDP process, I will leave that in the first link in the description. One thing I do mention as well is when you do this a lot, it becomes very quick where I can actually validate keywords without even filling up my spreadsheet. I can just look at them within a few seconds. I can see all the metrics in my head. And so it will feel tedious to begin with, but the more you do it, the more you'll understand what a good keyword actually looks like and it will become very easy. So for the winning books, we have let's say one. This does say no grid, but it is ranking under off-grid and off-grid and no grid in my opinion are the same thing and it targets the same audience. So for winning books, we have one. I'll say this is one, two. This is a bit higher BSR, but it's still showing some potential. So there's about two. Let's go into dead books. So there was around 11. So now search results. So search results, we have 639. Did books match the search term? Yes, I did determine they did. Pages of books, there was about eight pages of books. In terms of authority figures, there was about one. So basically once again as you can see all we're trying to do here is just prove that there is traffic. People are searching the topic. People are buying the books that are there. There is clear demand for the books. There isn't too many authority figures and we can actually compete with the books that are there. And so what do we actually want to see? What does a winning keyword look like? So like I mentioned, I do have to be careful with what I share because I don't want to give away any of my students keywords because they put a lot of time and effort finding them and they're investing a lot of money into books. But just for an example, all you have to do is really go through the spreadsheet and fill out the metrics, and you'll very clearly see if a book topic is good or bad. So now you can see what a bad book topic looks like. As you can see, there's just no demand. There's lots of books that aren't selling. It's very clear that we will not sell in this topic. And so all we do want to do is just reverse this. So let's say we have the topic raised bed gardening. And let's just make it look good. Let's say we have 4,000 search volume. That's high. It looks good. It also has a good amount of winning books. So, let's say there's around five. Let's say there's only four dead books. The search results are decent. They're around 3,000. The books match the search term. The pages of books are around, let's say, five or six. Even if this was at seven or eight, that'd be fine. And the authority figures are minimal at only two. And so, as you can see, just by filling out this spreadsheet, you can see that this topic is pretty good. There's clear demand. There isn't too many books that aren't selling on the first page. There's good search results. The books match the search term. there isn't too many pages of books as well as there isn't too many authority figures and so I would say this is a good topic and of course there is more to this this is just the beginning now you have the foundation but the important part is actually creating a great book that people want to buy and most importantly launching it correctly so that comes later but step one is finished if we do find a winning topic and just diving into this a bit deeper and where you can break some rules is if this keyword looks super good and let's say the pages of books were at 10 I'm not really scared of that the Reason being is because there's clearly demand. And so what's going to determine if I can rank high on page one and get some of that demand is the execution. And so I have to create a good book, get enough reviews, and launch it well. But the biggest thing about Amazon KDP and the reason why most people don't succeed is because they're not making good books. They're making a mediocre book that's very generic. They get maybe 40 or 50 reviews and there's really no reason for that book to sell to begin with. And so as long as there is demand and low authority figures, in my opinion, I'm happy. That's all I care about. But once this authority figure number starts to go up, that's when it does get a bit more competitive. Even if there's, let's say, 10 winning books and there's lots of saturation, but they're all selling well. The demand is very high. I still think this is okay. I'm just going to prep for my reviews longer so I can get more reviews at launch. I'm going to launch my book more aggressively in terms of my Amazon ads. I'm going to create a better book that's more desirable, that's really speaking to the customer emotionally. And in my opinion, it's a lot easier to captivate an audience that's already there, even if there is some competition, than it is to pull sales from nothing if there is low demand. And so, always choose high demand. As long as there is low authority figures, that's what you want to look for. And so, of course, all green is the best, but if it's not perfect, that's fine. But realistically, you do want the traffic in demand section to be perfect and the authority figures to be low. If you have those two things, even if these things here are all red, then I'm still happy with this. There's low authority figures, low competition, but clearly high demand. So, once again, if you do want to learn my exact Amazon KB process, learn about the content approval system with your topic and other parts of your book creation process, as well as how I can help you with your Amazon KP business, I will leave that in the first link in the description. Have any questions at all, definitely leave them below. They're out of the way. Subscribe for more nonsm KP advice. We'll see you in the next video.