Hey guys, my name is Subai. In today's video, I'm going to share with you free Amazon keyword generator tool. This is a brand new tool I recently created and it's really really helpful for generating keyword ideas for Amazon KDP, Amazon FBA and all other sellers can benefit from this tool. This is totally for free. You can check out the link in the description to access this tool. Let me show how it works. All you need to do is visit this page and type any keyword like coloring book. If you are doing Amazon KDP, you can type coloring book and click generate keywords and the tool will take a few moments to generate all the longtail Amazon search suggestions that you can use as your book titles or to optimize your book description or backend keywords. Like you can see the Mandela's coloring book for adults, coloring book for kids with animals, advanced coloring book for artists, spiral bound coloring book, large print coloring book for senior and much more. You can copy individual keyword here or you can go down and copy all and also you can read more about the tool down below. Let's try another keyword like notebook and click generate. Eco-friendly recycle paper notebook. Spiral bound notebook with lined pages. Travel journal notebook for backpackers. Notebook for college students. Durable waterproof notebook for outdoor activities. These are all longtail keywords you can use to optimize your product listing. Like let's type something different like gardening and click generate. So you will see gardening tool set with bag because this tool is for Amazon sellers as well. So it is generating product ideas and longtail keyword phrases. There are a lot of keywords indoor gardening kit for beginners, organic fertilizer for vegetable gardening, gardening group for moms, small space gardening ideas for partners. So it's a really helpful tool for coming up with product ideas, keyword and niche ideas like type something like uh cooking and see what happen. Generate keywords. As you can see, cooking references set for beginners, cooking gadgets under 20, cooking books for quick meals, cooking tools of small kitchens, a lot of other keywords. You can click copy all or copy individual keywords. Book for toddlers. Let's see. Interactive book for toddler, cuddling book for toddler, ABC book for toddlers, farm animal book for toddlers, happy bedtime for toddlers, learning ships books for toddlers, big font book for toddlers, soft touch book for toddlers. So let's type educational workbook. You can see math workbook for grade three students, science workbook for middle school kids, English book workbook for ESL learners, history workbook for high school students, art workbook for elementary school, geography workbook for homeschooling parents, music workbook for music theory enthusiasts, health workbook for physical education and more. So this tool is really really helpful and it uses the power of AI to come up with the longtail Amazon search suggestions and it is totally for free. Link is in the description below. Check this tool out and let me know what you think about it. Thanks for watching. See you in the next video.