Hey everyone, this is Laura. Welcome to my YouTube channel. In today's video, I'm going to share with you how easy it is to find a highly profitable lowc content book niche by simply using bookbo. If you're my long-term subscriber, you know I'm not going to talk about crossword book or word search book or cocoa wild star coloring book. No, this book is none of that. In fact, I have not seen anybody on YouTube even mentioned about this niche. So, in today's video, I'm going to share with you my step-by-step process of how I discovered this book by simply using BookBolt. And also, make sure you stay till the end of the video because I'm going to share with you how easy it is to use BookBoat's brand new feature to make an amazing children's bedtime story book. And for many of you that come to my one-on-one session, I know a lot of you are parents. You want to make children's bedtime story book, but the cost is too high. So, in today's video, I'm going to show you exactly how I made it and I'm going to make a book just like that live so we can go through the process together. Anyways, without further ado, let's dive into today's video. All right, guys. So, we're actually logged into BookBolt and as you can see right now, we're in the product search page, which is very important because before you make a book, let's actually find a profitable niche or profitable product to, you know, to analyze. so that you understand you know starting from the front end rather than you know just going to make a puzzle book or word search book. Okay. So let's reverse engineer the entire process. Okay. So number one is that right now as you can see we're in the general category. I selected this general category because I want to see what's actually selling on Amazon because books amazing uh data point is actually connected straight straight to um Amazon KDP. All right. So whatever you see here is basically Amazon's data, right? So let's click on the advanced search, right? Typically I go for a BSR of let's say 50,000, right? That's uh that just simply means this book is selling right within this range. And let's say the average BSR, let's just take a half, right? 25,000, not bad at all, right? And you want the review number to go like anything below 200 which is very beatable for self-publishers right so now we already niche down for the parameters let's see what book has a book b has to return to us you want to see what's available out there okay so as you can see right here the first one is a coloring book right and let's see what's the next one advent calendar so this niche I've seen that a couple years already every single year uh close to Christmas time, right? This is actually a very popular niche. So, basically is counting down 24 days and as you can see right here, oh yeah, 24 daily puzzles and riddles. So, this is actually a very um good medium content book because you're actually adding value by firstly having this entertainment factor, right? Murder mystery advent calendar. So, that's obviously a family gathering gift, right? gift you can give to people and also 16.97 which is I consider pretty high for a medium content book right only 38 ratings guys this is very very good because there's only 38 ratings unbelievable that's very easy target to compete with published on September 21st 2025 so only recently published at the time I'm recording this video is actually October 28th so as you can see this book is only live for about a month. We'll definitely take a look at what's what this one has to offer. Okay, so we open another tab. Let's continue. And again, another advent calendar. So, as you can see, you're actually by using BookBo, you're picking up a trend of what's actually trending right now for Christmas Q4 2025. Okay, large print Christmas coloring book again, right? Medium count or low content book. $7.99 only. As you can see, there's not much you can actually offer. Over 50 simple, easy, and fun Christmas holiday coloring pages, right? Christmas war search book, $5.99. You obviously you obviously want to avoid this kind of niche because, you know, there's not much royalty there, right? And then again, we have another calendar which is similar sort of theme, right? Escape room. The other one is also escape room, right? Again, escape room. So just by a simple quick search right another calendar advent calendar uh miss es escape escape room similar to the previous one that we already seen right so as you can see you're quickly picking up the trend of what's actually selling and you can pretty much predict uh you know what's going to happen next year Q4 right because advent calendar is always going to be here so so it's almost like a Q4 evergreen niche so to speak right by doing this you and already plan your uh Q4 next year 2026 moving forward because this is actually a seasonal product. So you want to start ranking in September, right? As we already seen, right? So anyway, so let's take a look at what they have to offer for the advent calendar because I think that listing is very very interesting. Okay, so as we can see right here, the murder mystery, advent calendar, murder on the whatever express. Okay, so 24 daily puzzles, riddles, and mystery lovers, right? Let's take a look at the read sample so you can see what's actually inside of the book, right? So by reading the table of contents, you pretty much know, oh, what my comp competitor has to offer in the market. It seems like they're actually adding a lot of value into this book. So seems like a very interesting activity book that you can do it together with your friends and family over Christmas time. And also this is not hard to make basically at all the picture together. It's very easy to make, right? You want to see what's what they have to offer in the interior. Obviously, this is the AI image. AI image. Everything is AI, right? You just basically throw on some text. So, yeah, definitely take a look at this listing. I think it's very interesting book. And you know, it's also available on Kindo Unlimited. So, you definitely want to, you know, borrow this book if you can, right? Read what's inside and study about this niche so you're ready for next year, etc. advent calendar it happens every single year right so that's one niche so that's basically in the general category where simply just by doing a few simple parameter research we already found something that's very interesting um low number of reviews high value right higher royalty value and basically relatively easy to make a seasonal product so guys I just wanted to show you basically it's not that you just have to make what is is like word search or coloring book as you can see there's something different you can make right so that's basically seeing what's available out there on the market let's take a look at other category right um typically I would pick a activity book right because there's more you can do there so saying that we're having the same BSR parameter 50,000 25,000 okay 200 reviews let's see what else we have by doing this research again where coloring what searchbook etc. Right? I just wanted to take a quick look together so that you guys know how exactly you can do a quick research by using bookbo's amazing tool using the product research that's a snapshot or a summary on Amazon KDP's overall data rather than having you having to go through all these uh different categories. You you have a pretty easy uh review on what's actually selling there. Let's actually take a look at this memory game for seniors, right? Because that seems very interesting. A lot of word search crossword relatively high price $11.99. I believe this probably going to be a 8.5 by 11 book. Okay. Only 52 ratings published on September 11th, 2025. This book probably going to go up to let's say 14.99 by the time we actually get to Christmas, New Year time because this is actually what I call a evergreen puzzle book kind of niche. you. So, basically, you can just keep ranking this book on Amazon. It's already ranking pretty good, like 8,000 BSR. I'm pretty sure that this one going to go down to like say maybe 3,000 4,000 by the time we actually get to Christmas. So, maybe this something or a category or a niche that you want to look into. Okay, so let's take a look. What else? Wait, hold on a second. Oh. Oh, so NFL coloring book, guys, if you for those of you actually live in America, you know how big it is, right? And people actually, you know, there's so many activity going on with NFL. And I never knew we can actually find a coloring book here. So again, by using book bowls amazing tool, which you can find down the link to get my affiliate link by getting 20% discount, you can actually find so many amazing niches that you can, you know, go study. So let why don't we take a look at this one as well. So I just wanted to since we're doing this together, I want to take a look at the coloring book. So, you know what else is there apart from simple cocoa wild style coloring books, right? Halloween. As you can see right here, right, it's relatively higher price. Well, this one's been ranking since November 22nd. I'm pretty sure this one can go up to like $15 or something. So, the more value you provide to your readers, the more you can charge. I hope that you see what I'm trying to explain here. I think it just makes total sense, right? Anyways, let's go take a look at the memory game here, right? So you can read the samples here and then see what your competitor has to offer, right? So basically that's how you do your um product research, right? Can you actually make this make this kind of uh puzzles? Maybe you'll need someone to help you do this, right? Either on Fiverr or Upwork, right? But pretty much you know what exactly is selling here, right? Come on. You have the table of contents here that's basically telling you what's all about, right? That's one thing. So you you know what it is. pretty easy, simple puzzles, but actually quite fun to make. And it just seems like the perceived value of this book is quite a bit, right? Compared to other simple puzzle books, just by just saying, hey, it's a whole book of uh word search. But this one, you actually have a variety of puzzles. So hopefully you can see right here, right? So that's a puzzle book. What about this NFL coloring book? I want to see what's inside the book. Right? So NFL coloring book. So you see all these logos here with this uh football player. Okay. And NFL is so big and everyone in the Americas go crazy about this, right? And this book belongs to So yeah, it's pretty interesting in terms of because it offers uh coloring pages, right? At the same time, I believe there's also trivia um related to see fun facts, trivia questions, Super Bowl years. So when you're actually coloring, you're actually being reminded of your favorite team who won this uh this team, whatever the Seattle Seagulls. I don't know that. Don't quote me on the name. I'm not a football fan, but you get my point, right? So just by simply adding a little bit more of your trivia questions, you can actually add a lot more value to your coloring book. Very good example to look at, guys. Definitely check out this page of product uh product search page. You can find a lot of valuable um niches by simply just tweaking this parameter here. A lot of you guys actually don't know how to do this, but hopefully by watching my video today, you get the point of how to do a research. So, definitely check that out. All right, guys. Before we actually move on to the next session, I just want to quickly mention about the pricing plan. So, right now, we're actually on the yearly plan, right? So, as a pro, you only pay $19.99 per month and you get all this amazing feature, right? three-day of free trials. So, make sure you take advantage of that. And what I really like about this is the 1,000 monthly AI credits, which allows you to generate amazing children's story book. And towards the end of this video, I'm actually going to show you what kind of amazing book I actually I was able to generate by simply just clicking a few buttons. It's going to blow your mind. So, make sure you stay till the end of the video. And also come with all this puzzle creation tool, cross word creation, sudoku. That is something you definitely want to have in your tool. So you can actually create all this amazing books with a amazing marketing package which I'm going to show you later how I was able to use the keyword research and product research tool to find amazing low content or medium content book that's actually making money profitable niches not some coloring book or crossword search book. Right? So, make sure to use my affiliate link, which will give you 20% off off of this really cheap monthly deal plan that's going to make your production cost even lower. So, make sure to use my affiliate link and check out this amazing tool. All right, guys. Before we actually move on to the very important section or exciting section which I want to show you in the video, I actually just want to quickly go through the other available amazing features that we have in BookBo. For example, the keyword research tab which we're currently in right now, right? So, previously we found this advent calendar through our product research page, right? So, we want to just take over this keyword right here because most of you guys always ask me what is the keywords? How do you do research? So, here is actually the page where you can actually just verify the idea. For example, we selected or I select in this case the app and calendar, right? Because I've seen the niche, not many reviews, a very good BSR, right? So what you want to do here is to come down to this more details page, right? This little pie chart. By the way, I don't see a lot of people actually talking about this function on book bold, right? So here it actually tells you the competition score, which is super super important because you want this to be super high. Let's say A or least possible B, right? So that means basically very good uh market were most likely going to be you know very good or less competitive compared to other niches where you know let's say if you change into a log book you can probably see this score is going to be F right which is not very good but here it's actually eight which is a pretty good sign and also 99 here I don't think that um number is accurate I think it's probably going to be a lot more as as we have seen the BSR for some of these books are really really low on Amazon which means it's selling hundreds if not thousands of copies already on Amazon right so you want to make sure to understand or at least check this um keywords right check the competition score then you want to take over this keyword take this keyword obviously you want to copy to Amazon link right to verify the idea on Amazon right so you want to click uh click on here and check on Amazon to see how competitive is right so 20,000 words, 20,000 products and you want to niche down to see a less competitive keywords. So that's basically how you verify the idea and just as you see right boom suddenly is it changed from 20,000 to 4,000 only right so obviously you want to verify the idea and go through the product listing here right see how many reviews here and also the BSR for the particular product right but in um in short book does pretty good uh amazing feature for the keyword research and others you know uh amazing feature including movers and shakers that's basically the um the how the BSR is changing for a particular niche over a period of time. So normally I would just do monthly because I wanted to see an average monthly what's actually moving the market. you'll be able to know what is the trend going to be right typically is a bit of lacking right you see like um word search journal etc right but I'm not advising you to go into this kind of niche because of you know obviously lower price range but just you know look at what we actually found through the product research stage right and also there's evergreens so you want to take a look at you know what's selling or what's been selling since then right you can just um alter the parameter here and also the category and then adjust the BSR here one to 25,000 right which is a good indicator of what's actually selling and also the book archive page where I think this is a new function then right basically you can go back to let's say a month ago and what's been selling since this month right so this function this actually a new feature but it's going to improve as we move on so make sure to check that out when you actually subscribe subscribe to BookBolt and use my affiliate link in the description below which will get 20% discount. But just wanted to showcase you guys all this amazing feature that BookBol has and and then we're going to move on to the next really really exciting part of this video. All right guys, last but not least, I wanted to show you guys this amazing tool in BookB Studio. Normally I know you guys only think about you know making puzzle books but did you know that there's actually a new function available only to a book bowl right you can actually make a AI gener story generator so which basically you are able to make storytelling book for kids by simply click on this function I don't see I don't think a lot of you guys actually know about this which is why it's even more amazing because come on look on Fiverr right I'm already showing show you in the previous section where you know from $815 for what I will ghost right children's book I wow this woman she's yeah well I don't know why she's charging so much but it shouldn't make you cost you that much to make a children's book right I understand all the little kids they want to have very interesting colors etc right but you know just just to give you put things into perspective how much it actually costs you guys to make a children's book and why you should be actually subscribing subscribing to bookbo because that's going to save you a lot of money by simply using bookbo studio to generate actually very interesting stories that's written by you. Okay, it's not written by some freelancer on Fiverr. It's actually putting your heart and soul into this book. Not only you're selling on Amazon, you can actually make a book and read it to your children if you're a parent. Okay, that is a memorable memorable story time or lifetime story to tell your kids and grandkids. Hey, I made a story book. I'm selling on Amazon. How good is that? And this is where Booko actually come into play because you know the AI story generator is actually doing a lot of amazing things. So just for today's video, we're going to say um book bolt one. Okay, we'll just say book bolt one. And trim size normally I think is 8.5 by 8.5. so that it's wide. But you can, you know, take a look at your competitors, but I think 8.5 by 8.5 is a typical uh trim size for children's story book. Page count right here. You want to leave it as 72 because if you don't leave it 72, it won't allow you allow you to go on to the next stage, right? But let's just put it this way. 36 pages will just say for today's video, we only do do eight. Okay? And then as you can see right here, right, story template allows you to choose bedtime story because we want to make bedtime story, right? Illustration above and text below. All right, we want to say character as I don't know what character you want to choose. I would say brave. Okay, teamwork. Okay, kindness, honesty, bravery, sharing, teamwork, respect, self-confidence. I want self-confidence. Um, age is between two to four. As you can see right guys, there are a lot of parameters you can tweak basically. Okay. And then you can even put your additional prompt. So say to say to see like what can you what do you want for your for your story book that fits best to your criteria. Maybe you are very creative person. I've spoken to quite a number of you are very creative. You know you want to make children's book here. Instead of actually going on to Fiverr that cost you thousands actually hundreds right if not thousands right? Then you can simply just use books AI story generators function to generate a pretty amazing book. So let's click on continue. Character type human child magical creature animal. So in this case I will pick just for today's video purpose. Um I will pick an animal. Okay. Um I will pick a I don't know what to pick to be honest. It's actually quite interesting. I will pick a cat because I like cats. Um, brown male. Okay. Male cat. Okay. Green. So, as you can see right here, if you actually create a person character name, um, Stefan, let's put it this way. Okay. And brown, green, additional prompt. Okay, fine. So, let's generate characters. See what how our character AI Stefan look like a cat. Okay. And then later obviously you can generate content and then see right here that's your cat coming right based on our criteria. So why don't we I don't have any additional prompt because you know I'm not a very creative person. I can only you know look at numbers. So we want to go ahead and generate content and see what else we actually have for this amazing feature because I actually think it's going to benefit a lot of you. It obviously takes some time to get there right. So here as you can see I think this is actually the the story. Oh there we go. So this is going to be the story of what it is and you can obviously edit text right. So if you don't like what they told you then obviously you can put it as your input. So in your book if you actually select this thing right it's not going to be hey completely AI generated. So you obviously don't want that right. So why don't we just generate this thing? Let's see what it looks like. Stefan heard a strange noise outside. Since now it's actually generating, we just want to go through the entire list to see what bookbo has to offer. You can choose to leave it, but I would highly suggest you actually just edit this a little bit. Okay? Just so that Amazon don't come back and say, "Hey, this is completely AI written." But it's not, you know, it's AI assisted. Make sure to select AI assisted, not AI generated. Because if you put AI generated, that's definitely going to be like 100% get you into trouble. If you don't like this stone and you know now you see it has two tails right so obviously you want to edit prompt um one tail only thanks okay guys man I'm just showing this right so regenerate this image and see how many tails we have but this is actually quite interesting as you can see right AI is amazing which is why I don't you know um tell you guys how to simply do so many AI stuff, but I want to see. Okay, so this looks more normal than normal cat with one tail, right? Check how many legs. Okay, yeah, four legs, two eyes. Yeah, that's fine. Normal cat. And you want to continue generate this. If you want to change this text, you can do that, right? So, let's just go ahead and generate all this thing and see what we come up with. And as you guys remember, I selected eight images because we want to see if it actually can get to a level where it actually shows the entire book. Okay, so I will come back to you. There we go. So, wow, that's actually pretty quick. Um, I'm not sure why this one is Oh, the tiny bird. Honestly, this one doesn't look like a bird. Um, please generate a bird, not a bird cat. Right. Well, this is AI. I I don't know how to generate. I just want to show you with my basic AI skill what you can come up with. Okay. So, you want to obviously check all this images to make sure it's not like some um freak of nature cats, right? So, you want to see what it is. Oh, so now the cat and the bird is actually on the tree together. This one looks pretty interesting, pretty cute, right? So, I'm pretty sure that young children will like this kind of features, right? Let's see if the bird uh Okay. Right. Okay. Please generate a bird. Say prompt. I want to see what we come up with, guys. Sorry. This this this YouTube is a little bit It's going to be a little bit hilarious, but I just want to see what we have. Right. Why did Why is it not generating? Edit prompt. Please generate a bird. Yes. Exactly. Right. Say prompt. Regenerate. Okay. And let's see what we come up with. This is going to be pretty interesting. I've never seen something so revolutionary. And I'm pretty sure that all these designers or you know those people you see on Fiverr, they have some AI tool. They're not going to Oh my god, this is actually quite disappointing. Okay, you know what? If you actually um want to This bird is like giving me troubles, man. And edit text. Tiny bird. Noise outside. It was a butterfly. If butterfly actually make noise or whatever. No, actually it was a bumble be right. So you want to reedit prompt. Son's peeking through windows ear. Please a be flying. See this is how you actually can just be flying as the phone say prompts and let's see let's say we regenerate this part right you just want to see basically what you come up with right and I wanted to show you how amazing this feature is basically and then this uh to be honest like this cat is actually quite cute right there we go right Stephan heard a strange noise outside it was a bumblebee so the bee right here Stefan right here so As you can see, right, it took us some time. I just wanted to show you guys the entire process of how you can generate. So, now we're actually happy with all these images, right? So, I'm pretty happy with the result right here. You can, you know, if you're creative person, if you're really good at writing, please go ahead and edit this text. But for the purpose of this video, I actually just want to show you guys how it is, right? So, as you can see, Stefan and this bird together just to make sure that you want to change this, right? just so that you actually have a cohesive story. But let's just go ahead and continue to pages, right? Select first eight and continue with eight. Continue with eight out of eight pages. Open them. I want to have a different font. Maybe this one. I guess small children will like it. If I can select Oh, there we go. Regular 400 text uh center text color. Um, you can even change your text color to how about to green. I don't know what small children likes cuz I don't have kids. Okay, so this one I just want to show you guys how it looks like and how amazing this tool is. And why is this not showing me this stuff? Okay, so it's actually showing me on the side. There we go. So right here, as you can see, boom. So this is what I mean by you having your color page or sorry the uh story page up front, right? The illustration here, as you can see, right here is a super cute cat called Stefan, right? A brown one. And then here, it actually has a very small uh reading thing. So, you can even add more text right here. And just by simply using this amazing feature instead of actually going to Fiverr, which will cost you this much money, $100 at least, right? Starting from $80. Now, you actually have something interesting to work with. As you can see right here, it took me literally like five minutes to actually go through all this process. So guys, definitely go ahead and check out this thing. Whether you're actually having a um the uh uh basic plan or you have the pro plan, you can always access to this amazing AI story generator just to make your own uh children's bedtime story book which is selling very very well on Amazon. So, make sure you check out and make sure to use my affiliate link which you can get 20% off of your entire year subscription. Definitely worth checking it out. All right, guys. That's it for today's video. Like I said, BookBook is not just a simple puzzle creation tool anymore. Please take advantage of the 3-day free trial and try out the product research tool. Try out the keyword research tool. As you already seen in today's video, I was able to identify this highly profitable low content niche that not many people have discovered or even talk about it on YouTube, right? You've seen how how little reviews that you need and how much money they actually making. So, make sure to take advantage. Use this 3-day free trial. Download as many puzzles or try as many times as you can. Generate those children's bedtime story books so you'll know how amazing this feature is. And make sure to grab my affiliate link which which you can get 20% off from your annual subscription or monthly subscription. This is a really really amazing tool. I highly recommend anybody who's actually building a low content or medium content brand definitely you've got to have book otherwise you're not going to be very successful in terms of you know finding profitable niche because there's so many books and just so much noise on the market. Everybody talk about coloring book etc. But guess what we found today? This calendar is nothing nothing related to coloring book. And guess what? It's making so much money guys. This is the power of book bulb. Make sure you get it. Okay. So anyways, if you enjoy today's content, make sure you subscribe, give me a thumbs up, and leave me any comments or questions if you have, but make sure to grab my affiliate link, use BookBo, and build a profitable KDP business. Thank you so much for for watching. Until next time.