Welcome back to the channel. Glad to have you here. In today's video, I'm going to reveal two hidden Amazon KDP keywords with high demand and low competition. So, stay tuned. Hello, welcome back to the channel. If you're new here, I am Nora and we do daily videos talking about Amazon KDP keywords, revealing their profitability, diving into the results, diving into strategies, you can be able to grow your Amazon KDP business, as well as other potential profitable side hustles that I'm personally involved in. So, as a Amazon KDP publisher myself, one of the hardest things of the process is not actually designing the book. It's not designing the interior. It's not coming up with a cover. It is finding the right keywords that gets you discovered. So, after testing dozens of keywords using full profitable Chrome extensions that are all completely for free that I've shared in a previous video linked in the description box below, I came across two golden opportunities that I will share with you in today's video. And both of these keywords show a rare combination of low competition and strong buyer interest. and I'll walk you through why these results and why these keywords stood out using real data as well as visuals from my research. So, with that being said, there will be a 30-day free trial for Creative Fabrica, which is my go-to when it comes to KDP interiors and KDP keywords and graphics that I use to improve my KDP business. So, take advantage of that if you don't have an active KDP um create a fabric uh account. Now, with that being said, let's head straight to the first keyword for the day. And it is learn Japanese for adult beginners. And this one has a niche score of 79, which shows high demand and low competition. It also has total results of 858. So, it's under a,000 just the way we like it. And green light ready to go by self-publishing titans. This is 79 keyword niche SCM. Also, the exact match listings 7 out of 48 and the top books BSR range is absolutely amazing for this one. So, with that being said, let me just quickly have a look at the exact results for this so I can be able to quote you with the real data. So, Learn Japanese for adult beginners has a total results of 858, a keyword niche score of 79, and a bestseller rank of 146,045. So, it's within the 100,000 best seller rank as well, just the way we like it. The average reviews are 758 and average price is $16.70 um sorry, $16.99 for this one. Also, diving into the results, we're going to go ahead and ignore the four sponsored posts, which you should go ahead and ignore. Don't take them into account, but just head down and you want to see at least two, three books on the first page with a bestseller rank under 100,000 that are selling quite well. And this keyword is slightly more competitive. Um, but it's still an underrated gem for KDP sellers, especially if you create language learning guides or you create workbooks. And let's talk about why it's promising. So, we've got um the of course the niche score of 79 signals high demand. There are multiple topselling books in this niche that are independently published and that proves self-publishers can succeed. Also, the average price range from $11 to $17 to even $30.79 which show strong profit margins and the searches are looking for beginner friendly material. So, low low content or guided workbooks perform really well and the bestseller numbers really tells the story. So, one book has a rank of 7,158 and another one sitting at 13,8989 and they are both generating consistent daily sales. And if you have a passion for language, if you want to dive into new profitable niches, this is it. So, what does that mean for you? And especially I want to talk about something that's quite important, which is especially when it comes to language learning keywords that we dive in in this channel. I don't want you to ignore any of the physical products. Usually when it comes to the results page, especially the first page, we look and dive into independently published books and take these results into account. But did you know that we can also take inspiration from physical um items, physical products, whether that is actual physical flashcards, whether that is toys, whether that is posters. um we could take advantage of that and see how we can be able to tweak the results and create a independently published KDP book like that. For example, when it comes to flashcards, if you see flashcards are that are ranking quite well and selling well, the results of that specific keyword are doing well, such as in this case, um create a printable flashcard interior type of book that has, you know, two or three or even four flash cards per page. a uh cut a um uh a right side and a left side for that flash card and also cut through uh guides as well. So for example, the person who has will get the customer will get a very affordable flash card printable flashc card book for learning Japanese. They will simply need to cut out the flash cards from the pages and uh they can either laminate them, they can stick them to a cardboard, whatever they want and they have their flash cards ready to go. Just simply take out from the page, cut out laminate and you have ready to go flashcards for a third of the price. Um, also let's dive into the second keyword for the day which is conscious discipline daily prompts journal. And this one has a keyword niche score of I think sorry just one second let me just go back to the results. It has a keyword niche score of number eight by Amazon Scout Pro categorizing this as a nice niche. Now bear in mind number nine is the highest and also total results are super low sitting at two average bestseller rank is within the 100,000 and under range and it is sitting at an average of 2,962. Average reviews are 3,452 and average price is $12.30. Um I would go ahead and I would ignore the number 30 given by self-publishing titans as the keyword niche score because it contradicts the data that we have right here. total results under 1,000, bestseller rank under 100,000. Uh the average reviews really high and it's a good price as well, sitting at at an average of $12 and so forth. So really good keyword. Also, you can see that the majority of the results here are utilizing this keyword for the seven keyword slots such as this book as well. Um, and at the same time, this keyword really did shock me because it has only two existing listings with no independently published books and an average bestseller rank under 100,000 under 3,000. My apologies. It has virtually no competition. Yet, the books under it are selling steadily, and the price range is healthy as well. It's a averaging around $1230, which means higher royalty potential. So, in short, this keyword fulfills three different things. Number one, there's space in this niche. Number two, the buyers are already on Amazon searching for this specific journal. It is a low longtail keyword. It has exactly what we need to get started. Number three, you just need to show up with a well-designed relevant cover that fulfills the pro promise. It will contain daily prompts. It will be a journal based and it will be targeted to prompts that are used to develop conscious discipline. So it's really like targeted as well. So what stood out to me as well is that you can if you currently have anything that is already published in your KDP portfolio that is daily prompt um journal related uh and it is targeted towards self-discipline anything discipline related self discipline consciousness programming or conscious mind or anything like that relevant topics go ahead and add this keyword as part of the seven keyword slots. This will make sure that your book is ranking for this keyword within a matter of a week or two and I've simply tried this strategy. It has worked amazing for me and I will not share with you a strategy that I have not personally implemented. So let's talk about what this actually means for you. So the both keywords they offer incredible potential for low content and medium content books. So you can create journals, guided prompts, language practice workbooks, educational planners because these niches are begging for fresh and highly qual quality content. So if you're just starting out, my advice for you is to aim for the first keyword. If you're experienced and if you want higher volume, you can go to the second keyword and create a standout product. So let's talk about three tips that I want to leave you with in order to maximize your keyword strategy. Number one, please use all four Chrome extensions um and activate them. You can go ahead and uh see the video linked in the description box below where I outline um all the four free Chrome extensions that I'm using and activating and how to use them correctly. This will really help you to validate your ideas before you start creating. Tip number two is to check the details that we did right now. Check the BSR, make sure it's um ideally under 100,000. Of course, it could be 300,000 or below. The lower the better. Look at the exact batch looking the pricing data to determine the keywords profitability. And lastly, strategy number three is to focus on the gaps. So, I want you to go ahead and look for high performing books with poor covers or missing interiors. Look for that one-star review and do it better. Fix that mistake and fill in that gap as well. So as someone who has started self-publishing with absolutely no budget. I had little tech knowledge as well. I use tools uh to help to you know develop a set of profitable keywords that I share with you here on the channel. And finding the right keyword is no longer about guessing. It's just about the data. Stick to the data. Stick with your intuition as well. Improve create an improved version and you'll be ready to go. Let me know if you want a step-by-step breakdown of how I validate dishes like these. I'm always happy to help and share what is working for me. Take care and have an amazing, great day. All the best.