Hi friends. So I'm super excited to tell you that Titans Pro, the keyword research tool for Amazon, which is probably the easiest way of finding hot niches and also the fastest way of finding good keywords, is now not only available on Amazon, but also nine other websites. So now you can find all the hot niches and all the best keywords for pretty much any platform you can wish for. So let me quickly show you how to install the Chrome extension and how to use it. So you can easily find the best keywords for all of your needs. So what we need to do is go to the Chrome store and then type in either Titans Pro or Self-Publishing Titans, our main website, self-publishingtitans.com. And then you will see this. And if you don't like using Chrome extensions, this tool is also available on our website as a web app in itself. So you can choose either one or both. But once you install the Chrome extension, all you need to do is go to Amazon for example and then we can type in coloring book and then you can see here Titans Pro will expand and this is also brand new design fully updated really fresh looking. So we can see here that we have 151 search results. Amazon usually gives you between 1 and 10. So, we're giving you 15 times more keywords and all of these keywords are directly from Amazon. Titans Pro has now been running for almost 5 years to date. So, we we have millions and millions and millions of keywords from Amazon in our database and we have one of the largest keywords databases that exist. So, this is really cool. So, just to show you how this works. So, you simply type in a keywords and then it will pop up. And if it doesn't, you can try hitting the space key on your keyboard or clicking this icon right there and then this will come up and then you will see all the search suggestions. You can scroll down and the broader the keyword is the more you will see. So if you go really niche like calling book for kids, you're going to start seeing less. So the shorter the keyword and the broader it is, the more keywords you will see. So that's the best way to start. And then here you will see the estimated monthly search volume. And you can also sort all of these columns high to low or low to high, whatever you want. And then the results, that is the exact amount of competitors that you have on each of these search results. So this is also really good to see. So you can see how competitive a niche might be. And then the demand score and opportunity score is something that we created to help you decide on a niche much easier and much faster. So between the search volume, the search results, the demand and opportunity, that is all you need to initially make a decision of whether or not a keyword or a niche might be worth looking into more or not. So both of these scores go between the numbers one and nine. One being the lowest and nine being the highest. And then we also have it color graded. So here you can see eight is green meaning it's good. Four is yellow. Then on the right we can see two is a little bit red, dark orange. and then one is red. So this is also to make it even easier for you to see if a niche might be good or bad. And ideally what we're looking for is at least one of them or even better both of them in the green. And then that's already sending us good signals. So just to clarify demand quickly, demand is how in demand one of these niches might be. So nine would be the absolute highest and eight obviously second highest and so on. But anything above four, so between five and nine would be potentially good. And obviously the higher the better. And the opportunity score is an algorithm that we created to help you determine of how easy it might be for you to rank on page one on Amazon and also to get sales in that niche. So that's why demand and opportunity are so key to have together because you want to have a high opportunity and a high demand. That would be the ideal scene. But if you had to choose one being more important, that would be the opportunity score, at least for organic rankings and for choosing your main keyword for your book or your product. And then when you're doing Amazon ads, the most important one would be the domain score because on Amazon ads, you obviously want to target the highest in demand keywords. So that's how that works. And then you can also click through to any of them to see the search results. And Titans Pro is really, really good to use with our other Chrome extension called Titans Quick View. And the Titans Quickview Chrome extension is an extension that analyzes the actual search results pages and the competition on Amazon. So, Titans Pro is good for really fast and really easy keyword research and niche finding. And then Titans Quick View is good for analyzing competitors and deep diving into a niche or a competitor. So, yeah. So, this is how it works. It's really simple. Let me just show you on the other websites. So, if you're selling Etsy, this also works there. This is perfect if you're selling personalized gifts. But if you're a book creator, you can sell coloring pages. You can sell ebooks. You can sell all sorts of things or merch for your brand or for your book. You can also sell print on demand on Etsy and many, many, many things. So, Titans Pro will be great for you. If you have an audio book, then you can use our Titans Pro Chrome extension on here. And Titans Pro is free to use to see all of the keywords. And if you want pro data like the search volume and the demand opportunity, that is an optional upgrade, you can choose. And this is available as a subscription or a onetime lifetime payment. So, we're trying to make it accessible for everybody. And then Google's obviously great if you're doing a blog or if you have a website to find all of the best keywords that you might want to use to rank for your websites. Pinterest is another great website for authors and just brands in general. But with our Titans Pro tool, you can find the most in- demand keywords for Pinterest. So you can create the best pins and topics on that. If you're selling on Walmart, this works the same way. YouTube, same way. Tik Tok, also exactly the same. You can see the search bar right here. This also works on eBay. And then if you're a freelancer, this also works for Fiverr. So if you want to see what people are searching for in Fiverr the most, what kind of gigs you should create, then this is also for you. And these are all free to try out. So you can see what it's like. Amazon is obviously the most detailed because we've been working at this for five years. And for here we have the search volume, the results, demand, opportunity. Some of them are a little bit different, but you can try that out and see. But yeah, we're super proud to now have this available on 10 websites. If you're familiar with our digital titans.com website, that was similar to our self-publishing titans websites, but just for keyword research on all platforms. So, this is basically us merging our two websites together just to make it even more user friendly for all of our authors because have a lot of people using our tools on self-publishingtitans.com. So, we hope that you find this tool useful. This has been used by over 100,000 people and currently we have 50,000 active authors using this. So, it's really popular, really, really in demand. It really makes it super easy to find keywords, to find good niches and probably is one of the best keyword research tools that exists. So try it out. If you have any questions, you can create a support ticket on our website and we'll answer it right away. And I look forward to helping you with your KDP journey. And if you want to learn more, make sure you subscribe to see our future videos. Okay, bye for