I have zero makeup on. I have dark circles under my eyes. This is not a video that I was planning to record at this specific moment, but I'm like, you know what? Let me turn on the camera and just share with you guys the niche research that I found today, right now, in the past hour on Amazon. And I'm just going to share it with you guys. I'm going to put the timestamps to this video u uh based on the niches like niche number one, two, and three. So far, I researched [music] one, two, about 14 niches on Amazon that could potentially be extremely [music] profitable. And it's something to think about and I encourage you to do further research and these [music] niches might be something that you want to work on on the next book project that you might want to work on. So, I did some research. I'm going to share that with you. So let's get started. So the first niche that I would encourage you guys to look into is it's with the keywords are spiritual spiritual warfare for women. And this is the reason why as for my Katie spy um the popularity it says that only a small number of books are performing well but there is potential for revenue and there is competition. And because I saw that there's competition, of course, spiritual warfare in the Christian uh when it comes to like the Christian faith, spiritual warfare is something that is I could assume I could see why it's very popular. But also the fact that there is competition led me to think, but wait, what if we dig a little bit deeper and go into another subniche within the spiritual warfare uh topic and maybe for teens? Was it teens? Yes, teens. Spiritual warfare for teens. And the results are 3,000. And then let me go ahead and click on my Katie Spy. I made sure to click on the Katie spy and also scroll down and see what books are selling and as far I like to compare different book covers, the book cover designs that are doing well that have a the books that have a lot of reviews. I think that's very important. And then here it says the teenage boys guide to spiritual warfare. Um this was published when was this published? I think I'll look into that in a bit. But I I like this cover and it looks like an AI generated image. Um, and right here, this is what I wanted to show you. Uh, as per the Katie Spy tool, it's a research tool that I use every single time that I do research and this is a popular keyword, which is great. There is potential for revenue and again, there is a lot of competition. Um, but it's definitely something that you could look into. And this person, I can already see, they did the teenage boys guide to spiritual warfare and the teenage girls guide to spiritual warfare. So, they did it for boys and they did it for girls, which I think is very important. Anytime that you're thinking about creating a book uh and publishing it through Amazon KDP, look on Amazon and see what's working, what's not working. And one of the best ways to look at subniches is to differentiate. Is it for men? Is it for married men, single men? Um what is it called? Uh single moms. Uh what's the other one? Uh teens, tween, you see teen boys. Uh let's see what else. Uh uh teenage uh let me see. Teenage girls, tween girls. Spiritual warfare. Prayers for teens. Prayers to defeat anxiety. discover identity and grow closer to God. I think that's great. And you see, as far as the subtitle goes, um adding those specific things that teenagers are going through, which is, you know, they're trying to discover who they are. They're trying to grow in their faith. They probably are dealing with a lot of stress, which is causing a lot of anxiety, which those are uh that those are key. That's very important to add in the subtitle. So, we're going we're going to go ahead and move on to the next uh subniches. So, so far spiritual warfare for women, spiritual warfare for teen boys, and now spiritual warfare for teen girls. We're going to go ahead and search for that. Although, we did find some. Let me go ahead and search for it. You see under the results, there are 436 results. So, let me go ahead and click on my Katie Spy. While that generates the information for us, I'm just going to go ahead and scroll down and see what I can find. Girl, get up and move. I love that. Girl, get up and move. Going to your next level. Let's see. Pray powerful prayers for teen girls. Prayer for teen girls. That's a good one to look into. Um, what else? Prayers for victory or spiritual warfare. Okay. So, uh as as per the Katie spy, we have the the popularity is in yellow, which is great. It means that a small number of books are performing well. Uh which means that there are people buying this book. Potential for revenue looks average and competition is healthy, which means that you can get a you have the opportunity to rank on the first page of these keywords. So, go ahead and write that down. spiritual warfare for girls. And if you want to go sub subniche, maybe do spiritual warfare for tween girls and then for teen girls. Um, which um I think would be great. The next niche is spiritual books for kids. Okay, so as you can see here, it's the first one that pops up. Spiritual books for kids ages 8 to 10. under the search results. There are 1,000, okay, in the search results. And then I'm going to go ahead and click on my kitty spy. While that generates the information that we're looking for, I'm just going to go ahead and look down and see what they have. So there are five minute devotions for pre-teen boys. As you can see here, pre-teen. Remember, target those specific age groups. That is very smart for you to do. Let's see how God is. Mindfulness for kids 10 minutes a day. So I already saw a book that said five minute devotions and this one is 10 minutes a day mindfulness for kids. Uh the power. Okay. So as as for the Katie spy the popularity this these are keywords. Okay. People are searching for this right now on Amazon. Um write it down. Spiritual books for kids um ages 8 to 10. Uh the potential for revenue looks good and the competition is healthy. Okay, so let's move on to the next niche which is bilingual. Let's go ahead and just I'm going to go ahead and type it in. Bilingual spiritual books for wait I spell this correctly for for kids. Let's see. Okay. Yes, it was for kids. All right. So the result under the results it's 55. It's under 100 which is amazing. Um and then here for these types of books what you see it's a lot of stories. You can create this easily. You can create a story with the tool that I'm going to go ahead and put the description. Um I'm going to put the link on the description for this tool. And you're creating stories. And um Ohanashi is Ohanashi AI um is a great tool that you can use that can easily generate the actual images to the story that you want to come up with and it will even assist you with coming up with a story line as long as you obviously give it a good prompt. Now uh let me go ahead and go up. It says bilingual spiritual books for kids. Write that down. And now again, you can go ahead and dig and go even further. Not just for kids, but it could be for kids ages. Think about ages. Think about maybe for ages, I don't know, 4 to six or maybe 7 to nine or maybe 9 to 12. You know, these are things to think about. Or if it's going to be a bilingual spiritual book for girls or for boys. Um it's good to experiment and try different things as as per uh the Katie spy the popularity it says that a small number of books are performing well uh the potent the potential for revenue looks average and then the competition it says you can easily compete here for a first page ranking that is amazing and if you can go ahead and create a series of books uh I think that this has the potential to make revenue and passive income every single month which is great. Now, let's move on to the next uh niche. As a matter of fact, let me go ahead and just paste it in. Okay, it's bilingual Christian books for toddlers. Look at the results, guys. It's 285. Okay, under the results. And then, as you can see here, it's also a lot of different stories. So, it's children's stories. And I want you guys to think, activity books are great and they do sell, but I also want you to expand a little bit and think outside the box and see what kind of books you can create when it comes to maybe story books. And although it may seem a little bit intimidating, however, with the right tool, you can definitely make something like this happen. Now, under popularity, it says there are only a small number of books performing well for this keyword. And then the potential for revenue looks average, but competition, you can easily rank on this first page of for this keyword. Go ahead and write that down. The keywords are bilingual Christian books for toddlers. Um, and then obviously you can dig deep and see what type of books are already out there. Maybe it says God bless you and good night. Maybe you can do something for maybe nighttime reading. God made us and it says do no creo which is bilingual. I think that that is such a great market. I'm bilingual. I speak Oh, I speak I speak both English and Spanish. So, I think this will be great. Although, I am guilty of not speaking a lot of Spanish. I should speak more Spanish. Um, and I should speak it to my children. Um, however, it's a little bit hard for me. Um, but yes, this is a great niche. It's a great market and there is a lot of potential here. Now we're we're in this topic of like Christianity and things like that. There are other uh denominations like another another religion like Catholicism. Is that how you say Catholicism? Catholicism. Uh I'm going to go ahead and copy and paste it. And you could look into this niche. If you're Catholic, if you're a practicing Catholic and you go to you go to mass h and you want to maybe create a book for Catholic girls, I think this is a great opportunity. uh books for Catholic teen girls. Go ahead and write that down. [snorts] Under the results, it's 7,000 uh books. However, um I would definitely it is a good market because you're you're targeting a specific age group, which is teen girls, but I would also go a little bit further and maybe not just Catholic teen girls, but maybe uh some type of like inspiration for Catholic teen girls. Not just so it's so general. Um as you can see here popularity this is on demand. So there are people out there looking for books for their Catholic teen girls. Um so it would be great to see what's already out there. Do some research. Maybe some uh maybe some a book uh that's inspirational. Lies girls believe. Okay. Uh let's see. The potential for revenue looks great. Competition is obviously high. We can go ahead and maybe let me see. I'm going to just check this out. Books for Christian. No, Catholic book for teen girls or maybe tween girls. I haven't done that. Let me go ahead and check that out. Tween girls. Oh, is it even a thing? Okay, let me go ahead. It's there. There are a thousand uh results and let me go ahead and see what the Katie Spy generates. Wonderfully made girl devotional. When it comes to anything like religion, there's a lot of like Bible verse. You're going to see the same patterns. Like there's a lot of like Bible verse books, coloring, Bible coloring book for girls, um devotionals, uh prayers, like prayer books, uh 52 weeks of encouraging devotions and scripture for twins. You see, this is a great example of how we need to target those markets for books. the the keywords books for Catholic twin girls it's this is guys write this down jot this down popularity it is on demand people are searching for this popular uh the potential for revenue looks great and the competition guys look it's yellow it means that you can it's healthy it's healthy competition you can compete under this keyword so go ahead and check that out write that down let's move on to the next niche which is we're going to go ahead and switch up uh the type of book here. We've been doing Christian and spiritual. I'm going to go ahead and copy and paste this. Overcoming spiritual darkness. I didn't even know this was a thing until I saw it under the comments. I'm like, you know what? Let me see. Spiritual anything on spiritual darkness. And uh there is a book. It's all it's called overcoming the darkness. Biblical help for spir spir spiritual depression. So, this is big. Um I didn't know this was a thing. defeating darkness, overcoming darkness. There this this is a a keyword. I'm going to go ahead and click on my Katie Spy so that we can see what's what uh what what this uh what the research says, what the what Katie Spy generates, what information it generates. Sorry guys, I'm like I'm a little bit out of it today. It's been a long day. Let me see. Light up the darkness. Spiritual warfare prayers. Um, let's see. Overcoming spiritual darkness. I would actually look into this a little bit further. Um, it's not, it says that it's not a very popular keyword. The so therefore obviously the potential for revenue uh looks rather low, but the competition is healthy. I would actually maybe spiritual darkness for teens. Let me just do this on the fly. Uh, let me see. Okay. So for teens 39 results and then angelic assistance. Okay. Uh depression. You see the word depression coming. That's that's a definite pattern. Trusting God in spiritual battles. You know what? Spiritual battle. I wonder if I'm pretty sure that's a thing. Out of darkness. Fight fighters, young warriors and army. Okay. Jesus Christ. Okay. Let's see what this uh Katie spy generates. Okay, so it's not a popular keyword, but you know what? There's a lot of books on it and there that's strange. There are books on this and it's books they have reviews. So people are reading this type of book. Where is it? Let me see. Journey assistance. Where is it? Okay. A memoir. I saw a memoir. darkness. Okay, I saw something and I was going to search for it and now I can't find it. Spiritual battle. That's it. Spiritual battle. Let me look for that. Spiritual battle. It's like spiritual warfare. Spiritual battle. Uh battleground. No, spiritual battle book. This is even a thing. Okay. 10,000. Okay. So, there are it's just same thing as spiritual warfare. Let's move on to the next niche which is something that I have done many times before and it's binge eating. Overcoming binge eating. I know that I used to do this a lot especially when I would starve myself and I'm like I want to be skinny and it's [sighs and gasps] it's an obsession that I that I this was years ago like over a decade ago and then I would like binge eat at the end of this whole fast. So overcoming binge eating is something to look into. But I would very I would tread lightly just because we don't want to go ahead and give advice because a lot of uh binge eating uh programs are uh or books with programs are written by actual like doctors and nutritionists. So maybe if you've ever had issues with binge eating, maybe talking about your story and a ver a personal account of how you personally overcame binge eating. This would actually go great if you have like a YouTube channel on health or you're just sharing your journey on how to overcome something as targeted as binge eating. I think uh is something to look into um especially if this has been your personal experience and you have overcome it. As you can see here under the Katie Spike tool uh it it says that only a small number of books are performing well. The potential for revenue is average but the competition looks great. There's only 447 results and you can easily compete um in the first page ranking. So that's something to consider. [snorts] Now the next um and also you can even flip it. Sorry guys, my phone. And you could also flip it and think about how you can do uh overcoming binge eating for women of faith. Again, targeting a specific group of people. There are women of faith out there that are going through a multitude of of issues and uh yeah, binge eating could be very well. It could be, you know, one of the issues that they're going through. So maybe overcoming binge eating through 52 days or 52 weeks of devotions. Something to think about guys, right? I hope you're writing this down. Um let's go ahead and move on to the next niche. Let's go ahead and let me go ahead and copy and paste it, which is overcoming overwhelm. Okay, this is for me. This has been huge ever since I became a mom. I am no stranger to overwhelm and becoming very overwhelmed and overstimulated. So this is a big one again overcoming overwhelmed. Write that down. Remember this can be you can target you can you can write this targeting women, stay-at-home moms, uh working moms, working single moms. I mean you can't just I would not recommend you to write a book on just overcoming when you feel overwhelmed and just leave it at that but rather you know who think about who is overwhelmed. Someone that is overwork, someone that is hustling, someone that is maybe parenting on their own or someone that is married to a very difficult person. Something to look into. As as for the Katie Spy popularity, it's not very popular. Uh the potential for revenue looks rather low, but it's there's good competition here. Um you could you could definitely rank on the first page. And again, think about how you can tie this in to maybe a podcast, something content that you can create to go ahead and maybe show uh share with people if you've overcome overwhelm. How do you overcome it? every time those waves of overwhelm come and crash on you. So, this is something to think about overcoming overwhelm as a college student. Again, I hope you're writing this down because this is coming. This is just a brainstorming session that we're having here. Uh let's go ahead and do another one. The next uh niche is in the realm of narcissism. Okay, narcissism is huge. I remember like 5 years ago narcissism wasn't a thing and I started looking into it and reading books on it and Dr. Romney I believe her content is gold when it comes to narcissism. She helped me understand what this is. It is a popular topic. There's a lot of content on YouTube on this. Under the results for this keyword, write it down. Break free from narcissism is 230 results. Guys, I want you to start thinking about writing. Write a book. Write on these things. Maybe you have had an experience. You've gone to a therapist. Maybe someone in your family, maybe your mom, your dad, your brother, your sister, your partner has, you know, is a narcissist. And how are you dealing with it? Did you get a divorce? Um, you know, do you have a parent that's narcissistic? And how do you navigate that relationship? So this particular this these keywords break free from narcissism. They're not very popular but they're uh the potential for revenue looks average but competition is great. It's in green guys which means that you can rank. But even then even even though this is not a popular keyword books like this one right here this first one it's doing well. It has 127 uh reviews. And again look at this please just look at this. It says, "Break free from narcissism. Christian guide to heal toxic ties, restore peace and reclaim your godgiven worth." Again, you see how this person this person is selling their their book is this is a Kindle the Kindle version of the book and it's being read. People are reading this content. Um I this is again they're targeting Christian Christian people. Something to something to think about. Um, let's go ahead and go on to go on go on move on [gasps] to the next niche, which is something that I deal with, which is mommy burnout. Coloring book. I saw this and I'm like, you know what? This is a thing. Well, I first put mommy burnout and then I'm like, okay, no, let me go ahead and dig deeper. And what about a coloring book? I like to color. Um, and it I find it very relaxing whenever I'm really stressed. I just I like to color with my daughter. We'll color. We'll draw, sketch, doodle, you name it. It's relaxing. And sometimes I have a cup of wine while I'm coloring. But this is something to link look into. I wanted to just share this with you guys because maybe this is a thing that you may want to pursue even though our Katie spy is letting us know that it's not a popular keyword. Uh therefore, if it's not popular, then uh the potential for revenue looks looks low. But the great thing is there is uh barely any competition. So I'm going to go ahead and check on mommy burnout to see 83 results under mommy burnout. And as you can see here, there is a book already written on it. It says how to reclaim your life and raise healthier children in the process. Mommy burnout is real. It's a real thing. And I would actually look into this a little bit further. Maybe you're interested in this. Again, I saw here it just appeared a second ago. says competition looks it was in green obviously because there's there's not a lot of books here is only 83 uh 83 results and then the pot the popularity it's not a very popular keyword and the potential for revenue uh is low which is understandable but hey you can make anything popular look at this book this book is selling it has 292 reviews I am a firm believer that when you do things well or maybe you're connecting your book to an actual podcast. It's a topic that you talk about, write a book. The next uh niche is okay, let me copy and paste it. Penmanship practice for kids ages 10 to 12. Under the results, we see here there are only a thousand results. And then when we click on the Katie spy, let's see, let's see what comes up. I was looking into this. I was like, wait, this is interesting. I know handwriting books sell. Well, I I buy handwriting books and penmanship books for especially for my uh 7year-old soon to be 8-year-old. Um, and look at this is what I wanted to share. This is crazy. Uh, it's green. Not only is it popular, not only is there potential for revenue, but the competition is healthy. So, you can still compete here. Okay, write that down. Penmanship practice for kids at ages 10 to 12. Again, you need to target a specific age group. When you're buying something, especially when it's educational, you're buying it for a specific child, whether the child is 5, 7, 10, 12, 15, you name it. And the last niche, okay, let me go ahead and copy and paste that, is homeschool. It's what I do. I'm a homeschool mom and I love this topic. But I found that these keywords uh were pretty interesting. Hope for your homeschool. And I think I I know why um I I came across the word hope. Uh because sometimes you feel hopeless. Sometimes you're like uh am I doing the right thing? Am I you know am I am I failing my kids? Um you know I am I not educating them you know enough? Uh are they being well educated? But then I'm like okay I'm doing a great job if my son is learning about communism and learning about Karl Marx and he's only 12 and he likes it. I'm doing something right. Um, he loves politics, but anywh who, hope for your homeschool. Although it's not a popular keyword. I know homeschool is. And the potential for revenue looks average, but look at the competition, guys. It's in green. It means that if you start creating books about homeschool, if you have experience with homeschool, you're homeschooling mom, parent, and you're like, you know what? I want to write about this journey. Guess what? Hope for homeschool is a great idea. There's one here already and it has 24 reviews. That tells you that there are people, those 24 people uh wanted to read this book. So, there must be other books I mean other people uh that homeschool that may need a little bit of encouragement. So, maybe homeschool devotionals uh or homeschool devotions or prayers for moms, dads, families. Uh, but yeah, homeschooling is definitely popular and it's something that if you're interested and you want to write a book in the homeschooling space because you're homeschooling or you want to interview other homeschooling families, then you should look into this niche. I hope you guys enjoyed this research session and go ahead and leave me a comment down below. Let me know your thoughts and any other niches that you want me to go ahead and research and create a video on. Go ahead and put them on the comments down below. I would love to hear from you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you on the next video. God bless.