Good morning everybody. My name is Barry Schwarz and this is the search buzz video recap. Today is Friday, February 6 and this is the search news we covered over at the search engine round table at sawum.com. We got the Google February 2026 discover core update a new core update. Google volatility continues to spike highly. Listicles may have gotten a downgrade in Google. We have Google ad news. Chat GBT raiser ads. Microsoft publisher content marketplace and so much more. So definitely stay tuned. And of course I'd like to thank our sponsor Bruce Clay. Bruce Clay is one of the founding fathers of the SEO space going back to SEO back in 1996. Bruce Clay is big into SEO training. So check them out at seotraining.com. And to learn more about Bruce and their services, check them out at bruce clay.com. Of course, I'd like to also recommend their new product.ai, a tool that empowers writers to write better and more efficiently. So defin definitely check that out as well. Thank you so much, Bruce, for sponsoring. Deeply appreciate it. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Okay, so yesterday afternoon around noon, Google announced the February 2026 Google Discover core update. This is the first discover specific core update of record. Usually core updates do impact Google discover, but core updates usually affect all of search. Um, and this one was specific only to discover. Google specifically said this is a broad core a broad update to our systems that surface articles in discover. This is specifically rolling out in English and the US only right now, but in the coming months it will release to all languages and all countries. Google said uh the impact will be probably more noticeable to non US publishers at first because um it's going to be focusing a lot on locally relevant content from websites based in the country. So if you're in the US, you'll more likely get US publishers um and so forth. And since it's only rolling on the US right now, the ones that will notice this the most will probably be non US publishers. Um, also Google said it will reduce sensational content and clickbait and discover and it will show more in-depth original and timely content from websites with experience and given expertise based on the systems understanding of that site's content. Again, just again because there's a locally relevant thing, you probably will notice that people outside of the US who get a lot of discover traffic may notice a drop in discovered traffic until it rolls out. also in the non US regions and non-English regions where you might see a bump in those non- US regions for discover. A lot of people in the past few weeks have been actually talking about discover changes. So Google maybe has been testing it. Google actually said they tested this and they saw that people were h actually happier. Um and so that's all there. Um and we'll keep track of it. It's hard to to document discover because it's usually very volatile more so than anything else even more so than Google search. But Google did update their discovery documentation. Um, you should definitely look at look at that. The section that they updated was to increase the likelihood of your content appearing in the Google discovery. We recommend the following. So definitely read those the recommendations uh because they did update that as well. So again, this should take about up to two weeks to roll out and it's only US English right now. In the future in the coming months, they will release it to more regions. And then talking about volatility, yes, we had more volatility this week. We covered around covered a couple days ago, but on February 2nd, it seemed to spike and then it continued to spike through the third and fourth and so forth. Um, a lot of volatility for a lot of times. It's unrelated directly to the discover thing, but who knows? But there is a lot of volatility around the second, third, and fourth. You should definitely be aware of that. And then uh Lily Ray came out with an article saying she thinks that potentially Google went after listicles um self-promotion listicles where like you come up with a list of the top ex whatever services ex vendors ex software products and in those services is always the first one to be listed is your own website. Um, so that's you see that a lot actually and Lily Ray did an analysis going through this and showing that a lot of these sites that are were ranking very well um in the AO reviews and search have been downgraded significantly. Not all of them, but a lot of them especially in the SAS market, she said. Um, and then Glen Gabe dove in more and he said maybe this is part of a reviews update. We've noticing a lot of review sites actually get hit as well. Um, he dug into that as well. So I post some some information from him as well. So there seems to be some type of reviews update/listicles update. I posted that about that on February 4th. So definitely take a look at that to learn more over there. And overall on all of this, Google's John Mueller said there's really nothing we could share about any of this stuff outside of obviously the discover core update. They they didn't share anything about the previous stuff, the listicles, the reviews, the overall volatility we saw in the past several months, several weeks, sorry. Um he said, "Unfortunately, I don't have any insights updates to share here." When he was asked about, could you tell us anything about these types of updates? And that's typical. So keep that in mind. there's nothing really to share there outside of what we discussed. And he was also asked about AI search and has AI search um had Google changed anything core to its search ranking algorithms, spam detection, spam policies and so forth. And John Mueller said none of these things live in isolation. Search evolves outside of AI and the web is a dynamic place. Basically saying that search did not fundamentally change because of AI. search in terms of their algorithms and their spam detections and all those types of other things. So he said I don't think these things fundamentally change. Search has a long history with a lot of experience and a lot of expertise and so forth. So keep that in mind. Search fundamentally may have not changed but um there are some changes of course maybe fundamentally the changes have not happened. And then Martin Split and Garyh from Google had a great podcast on search off the record talking about the top crawling challenges they faced in 2025 the past year. And he basically listed them. Basically, faceted navigation was 50% of the concerns. Action parameters was 25%, irrelevant parameters about 10% like UTMs. Uh WordPress plugins and widgets are about 5% and other weird stuff made about 2% according to Gary's report. Pretty interesting to hear that. And then Google has this weird bug with AIO overviews where it's removing the links and citations. actually was just able to replicate this right before covering recording this video, but um Rajan Patel confirmed this bug. Rajan, Google's VP of engineering and search. He replied saying this is a bug and they're working on this um and it's still being worked on. I was able to replicate this bug earlier. It's not happening to all AI overviews. A lot of AI overviews definitely socializations and links, but some are just not showing them and it seems like they're just missing. I don't know if it's a test. It's not a test. Google said it's a bug. So, we'll see. It's not that Google said it's not a feature. And then Google updated his documentation which caused a little bit of confusion. One is it updated his documentation on the on one of the Google bot pages basically saying there's a 15 megabyte limit uh for Google's fetchers to crawl the first 15 megabytes of any file and then it goes into another document saying Googlebot crawls the first 2 megabytes of a supported file type and then the first 64 megabytes of a PDF. So John Mueller is basically saying there's different types of files in Google bot so it changes obviously there's Google video images and so forth but it was a little confusing. I did submit feedback for Google to actually clarify that in the Google Docs. So hopefully they will clarify that. But there is a little confusion around that. I would say for your web page pages try to keep them from 2 megabytes or so because that's still a lot of data. And then I posted the big Google web master report for February 2026. If you want to catch up on the past month, I posted on February 2nd.com. Definitely take a look at that web master report. It goes over the past month of changes with Google organic search. On the Bing end, Bing said they are rolling out globally the multi-turn search. Multi-turn search is basically when you scroll down the Bing search results page. The bottom there'll be like a feature to search for co-pilot or in copilot. We saw this like several months ago. We thought Bing was testing this but is actually something they launched in the US earlier and now it's going rolling out worldwide. This is Jordi Reebots who said this. He said after shipping in the US last year, multi-turn search and Bing is now available worldwide. find the name multiarch pretty interesting. Uh but they said it actually drives better user conversions and stuff like that. So it's something they like. And then also Jordan Reebot said last night that they're unshipping a feature from the Bing search results. Uh the Frankenstein AI based recipes where it takes recipes from says it's from one publisher but it takes recipes and mashes it up from multiple publishers making the recipe unusable and uneatable. And he basically said we're unshipping this and you should start seeing that to be unshipped soon. Uh, so that's really nice to see because Google has not unshipped their Frankenstein recipes and that's been we've been complaining about that for months. Uh, but Bing is so that's pretty good thing there. Thanks to Inspire Taste for calling that out. Chat GBT seems to be rolling out more visual results with top stories and visual knowledge panels. This is uh written about by Open AI. They covered on their own blog and then um Glen Gabe shares some screenshots of that in action. So it does seem to be rolling out to everybody now. And then on the ad side, Google seems to be vastly increasing the number of local pack ads being showed in the local pack. So ads showing up in the local pack. Used to be according to Joy Hawkins and Play Scouts, which tracks the data um that it used to be about 3% of the local packs would have ads. Now it's about 22% which is a huge increase. So keep that in mind if you are in local space. A lot of those things are now being outranked by ads um instead of local panels, which is pretty interesting. And then Mike Ryan came out with a really interesting um Google ad network invalid clicks report talking about fraud versus incidental clicks and he basically said the Google display network has the highest percentage level of invalid clicks nearly one in five being invalid clicks and they go back go through different charts and so forth but come the search part network is more about the um links or the more fraudulent types of clicks like 5.9% of those invalid clicks are are fraudulent whereas 4.4 before are probably more accidental. It seems like Google Ads is also replace replacing the support form with an AI agent. So, when you try to access the Google support form and fill out a form and saying, "Why don't you talk to our agent first?" People are saying that's probably better because the Google support form doesn't really give you any good information. Uh, but there is an AI agent that's being pushed there that was spotted by Marcen Wasol. Um, and I found this via PPC News. And also our pan noticed that sometimes when you fill out a contact us form, this is not just across ads but other forms, it might prefill the forms with auto information from the previous things that you've filled it out. So it might save you some time there. So keep that in mind as well if you get to the form. And then Google announced multi-party approval uh to help prevent and stop hijacking of ads accounts. So if you make any big changes to your ads account and you have multiple administrators on that account, you will have to get approval from not just one administrator but also multiple two administrators. Google said multi-art uh party approval MPA is a security feature for Google ads designed to protect your account from unauthorized activity and by requiring a second account administrator to verify high-risisk changes. High-risisk changes could be like making like ch big changes to your account and so forth. So, this is a big change, very important, and hopefully this will reduce those hijackings that we've been talking about for a while. Google AdSense is testing new reporting features, metrics such as browser, uh, browser breakdowns, hosting app breakdowns, and operating system breakdowns. This is spotted by Bruno Ramos, Lara, who posted these screenshots there. I don't see this yet, so maybe it's rolling out soon. And there should be new metrics coming out to your AdSense accounts soon. OpenAI um, seems to be preparing ads directly in the chat GPT code. This is probably by Glen Gabe. You'll see like this this line in the actual source code that says in reply to user query using the following additional context of ads shown to the user. We're not seeing ads yet in the wild in chat, but we know they're coming very soon. And maybe this is the groundwork to actually show those ads. And then Microsoft advertising confirmed there's a new Microsoft advertising card or or design called magazine answer cards. Um this is sped by Sasha Patel who posted this uh the screenshot of that and Nava Hopkins from Microsoft confirmed that this is happening said advertisers can appear in the spot through shopping multidia multimedia ads pmax ad spots however they they do not have a unique auction as such you will either appear there or in another spot in the SERs. So, keep that in mind. That's a new feature, a new ad feature from Microsoft. And then Microsoft announced big news where they're going to be paying some publishers for using AI, their content for AI purposes, like license their content. It's called the Microsoft publisher content marketplace. You can sign up for it. It's unclear exactly how it works, but its goal is to actually compensate publishers for having their content used in AI, which is pretty pretty exciting. And then Google announced their ad re their revenues this quarter, their biggest quarter yet by far, which is pretty amazing. They had about $114 billion, up 70% overall from year-over-year. And then their ad revenue specifically was at 82 billion, up about 14% year-over-year, which is really, really big. Their biggest quarters yet. Here's a chart showing the upward trend of that ad revenue um and so forth. And they have some comments about search and how AI mode is doubled in the number of queries and so forth, of course, because they're pushing people into that. Any event, any thanks so much for listening to the Search Buzz video recap. Everyone have a great, safe, healthy weekend, and I'll see you guys next. Thanks again to Bruce Clay for sponsoring. Be well. Bye-bye.