All [Music] right. So, one of the most confusing yet important parts of the Amazon KDP process is keyword research. If you don't nail your keyword, aka your book topic, doesn't matter how good of a book you create, it's never going to sell. Your keyword is the foundation of your book success, and we have to nail it. In this video, I'm going to break down my exact keyword research process to make it as simple as possible for you. Once the keyword research process unlocks for you and you truly understand what a good keyword looks like, you'll realize it's actually quite simple to find some winners. Let's waste no time and dive right in. So, Amazon KDP keyword research, how can we do it in the simplest yet most effective way possible? So, there is a very simple method I use to find keywords when you understand how to do this correctly. You find them all over the place. But the important thing is first we have to look at some results with this keyword research method. So, this is the last book I launched using this method. Basically, September was the first full month for this book. So you can pause this if you'd like to see the actual numbers, but basically in the last nine and a half months, this book has made about 36,000 Canadian dollars and has spent about 11,000 US on ads. So it's about 14,000 Canadian. So just to do the quick math here to see the exact numbers this book did is we have 36,000 minus the ad spend. So total profit is around 21,000 for this book. Divide that by 9 and a half and it's roughly about $2,200 a month in profit on average. So, this book makes me 2,200 bucks a month on average. And the reason I'm showing you this is because this is very realistic to achieve. This isn't some easy coloring book that makes me $10,000 a month. This is simply a book I published on a high demand topic, created a good book, launched it well, and sustainably makes a comfortable income. Now, once you figure out how to do this once, you can then do it two times, do it four times, and this all will stack. And this is how you actually build a legitimate Amazon KDP business. So, if I have two books like this, I'm making almost five grand a month. If I have four books like this, I'm making almost 9,000 a month. But the important thing is you have the foundation with a high demand good keyword. From there, you simply execute a good book. And there's no reason why you can't have results like this, too. You really don't want to be chasing trends and thinking of Amazon KDP as a get-rich quick scheme. You want to take it one book at a time, see it through until the end, and stack that over time. Then over 1 2 3 years, you have 10 books that are all making roughly this amount. And so, this book followed this exact keyword research method we're about to go over. And the reason I'm specifying this is because it's definitely a simplified version of what I normally teach. However, it can still be very effective. So, part one is finding potential topics. So, first things first, what is a keyword? A keyword is basically a search term or a book topic. You're going to hear me use this term interchangeably. It's essentially what people search up on Amazon when they're looking for something. Keto diet for beginners, organic vegetable gardening, stock market investing for teens. It is the search term that they plug in when they're looking for a specific topic. But just to reiterate, a keyword, a search term, and a book topic are all things that are basically the same thing. And to actually do good keyword research and find topics that are actually proven, you have to think of these as the same thing. Because if you're just thinking the keyword is the search term and the book topic is the underlying niche that you create, those things are going to differ and you're not going to be 100% sure if the book you're creating is actually valid. So, we need to make sure we're looking at these as the same thing. So, we're validating our search terms and our book topics properly. So when we do create a book, we know that there's an audience there for it. So what is keyword research specifically? Keyword research is simply when you search through Amazon for potential book topics and you validate those book topics based on some metrics. So you're not just spraying books out hoping one sells. You have a clear vision of what you're actually creating and that there is actually customers looking for it. So how do we find these book topics? We of course go and look on Amazon. There's a very specific way I do this and I will show you in a second. We then create a list of potential book topics. We don't worry about if those book topics are good or not. We're just creating a list and then from there we go and validate that list based on the parameters I'm going to show you and see if we have any winners. Something very important is we have to know what we're actually looking for. So when we're looking for potential book topics or keywords, we want to look for topics that are solving one problem for one person. We don't want to have topics that are too broad. If the topic does not fall under this category, you're most likely too broad and we can't properly validate that that book topic is good because it's not niched down far enough. So, we have to make sure that the things we are looking for are solving one problem for one person. This is going to make sure that our books are niched down enough. So, when we do validate if they're good, the books we create are going to be on par with that, we actually have a chance at making sales. So, just a quick example of this before we dive into the research process is let's say our topic, I guess, is keto diet. And when you search up keto diet, you're going to find a bunch of different niche down books. Keto diet for beginners, keto diet for women over 50, keto diet for seniors. And so the important thing here is when you are recording your potential topics, you want to record these. So keto diet, yes, is a book topic. But the important thing is if we're validating keto diet and the data and the metrics look good. However, we're creating a book that is more niche down specific, there's no actual proof that this audience is there. So, we want to make sure that we're searching up specific topics, solving one problem for one person, and validating those, not just the overarching generic term. If we do that, we're most likely going to be disappointed. We have to prove that our audience is actually there. So, we want to make sure that the book topics we are looking for are specific enough. They're solving one problem for one person. They are niched down. They aren't just the generic term. And then from there, we want to make sure the exact niche down term is actually good, which comes in part two when we actually validate our potential topics. So, let's go find some book topics. So, because this is a very simple guide, I'm not going to show you any complex spreadsheets. All you're going to need is a blank spreadsheet and add three columns into it. We're going to get to the actual metrics in a second in part two, but all you need to do right now is just find a spreadsheet and have a column to record potential keywords. Super simple, super basic. From there, we're going to go to the Amazon bestseller categories. And anything I do mention, I will leave linked below. And just ignore the keyword tools for now. We will get into this in part two, but all we're going to do is simply look through these categories and find some potential book topics. So, some of the main categories are business and money. We have computers and technology, crafts, hobbies at home, cookbooks, food, and wine, health, fitness, and dieting, self-help. Those are probably the main places you're going to look. There is going to be a lot of beginner friendly topics that are easy and cheap to create. However, you can also dive into other things like history and law and just see what you can find. But basically all we're going to do is go into these topics, search through the categories themselves. Let's say gardening and landscape design just for reference and just start recording things you see. So we have herbal medicine. That's a topic. Write that down in the spreadsheet. We have raised bed gardening for beginners. That's a topic. Remember one problem for one person. Beekeeping for beginners. Another topic there. And then what we can also do is go and click on some of these books as well. And then when you actually click on the books, you're going to see you're going to get recommended a lot of other books. And this is a great way to find a bit more hidden topics because if you're just staying on the surface level categories, you're most likely going to be seeing what everybody else is seeing who's doing keyword research. So if you click into the books and then continue to click into books, you're going to find a lot more hidden topics you otherwise wouldn't have seen. So right here we have raising backyard chickens. That's very interesting. Beginner freeze drying book. So that's definitely something. So all these potential topics I'm just going to be recording in my spreadsheet. So, we have freeze drying, raising chickens, beekeeping for beginners, go diet, I saw as well. And so, a quick note is that if you don't know what the book is about right away, just don't record it. If you have to search for what the topic is, it might be published by either a celebrity or a big author, so they're a bit more creative with their titles. But realistically, you want to be able to see what the book topic is right away at a glance. If it's not super obvious, it might be too broad. So, to have a number to strive for, do this for 200 potential topics. Create a list of 200 potential keywords. Like I said, I'm using keywords and book topics interchangeably. And then once you get there, you're most likely going to have at least one or two winners in there. And then from there, we can go and validate our list, which we're going to do in a second, and see what we can find. So, part two is the fun part. This is when we actually validate what we found and see if we have any winners. And so, a very important thing you need to understand when validating potential book topics is if you can't prove an audience is there, they're not. You don't want to assume anything. And this is actually a big thing I see with some of my students is let's say they find keto diet, which is their book topic, and they assume that, hey, if I make a keto diet for beginners book or a keto diet for women over 50 book, it's going to appeal to everyone who falls under that demographic. But they don't actually validate that that audience is there. And probably 99 or even 100% of the time you do this, your book won't sell. If you can't validate that your audience is there buying books, then don't create a book on it because it most likely won't sell. People shop on Amazon very specifically. They know what they're looking for. And if we're too broad or the audience isn't there, it's going to be very hard to sell books. What we need to do is find a customer who is already there. Create exactly what that person is looking for and simply put that book in front of their face and make it desirable enough for them to buy it. And if we miss any of these marks on our book, on our keyword, on our reviews, our book's not going to sell. And so, what makes a good keyword is, of course, we have to have high demand. There has to be people buying the topic for our books to actually sell. We have to then prove that we can sell. And then once we've proved that we can actually sell, we have to make sure it's not too competitive. So how do we find a winner in the simplest way possible? So like we said, we're looking for demand, we're looking for proof we can sell, and we're looking for not too much competition. And so there are basically two main metrics we want to look at and then one bonus one, of course. So of course, we want to make sure that we are publishing in a specific topic. We're solving the one problem for one person. It's not the broad generic term. It is niche down clearly targeting a customer. Once we prove the topic is doing that, we can then find the proof that we can actually sell. This is very simple. I will walk you through what I do on Amazon in a second. But in terms of the metrics we're looking for, we want to find books that have 250 reviews or less with a 30,000 BSR rank or less. And we'll show you what the BSR rank is in a second, but we basically want at least three of these. And all this is doing is just showing us that there are books with low reviews, most likely ones that we can compete with that are selling well. Because yeah, if a book has a thousand plus reviews, even in a low demand topic, that book might still be selling. So, we want to find books that are more in line with what we're going to create that are selling well. And if we can prove that that's there, there's no reason why our books shouldn't sell either. And then once we do prove that we can sell, we have to prove that we can actually compete. And all we're going to look for are books that have anywhere from about 600 reviews and above or more. And we don't want too many of these. Ideally, less than three. And so if we have a specific topic, we are proving we can sell because there are other books selling on par with what we would create and there isn't books that make it too competitive. Now all we need to do is execute. If we create a good book and launch it well, we realistically should sell because we're proving that we can. And so just to reiterate, we are simply proving that other books that are on par with what we will create are selling. Proving that there is demand for the topic and then proving there isn't too many books inhibiting our chances of success. So, let's go validate some keywords. So, now when it comes to keyword tools, all you're going to need is a tool that shows the BSR rank. So, this is a paid tool here. This is Bookbeam. I will leave it linked below if you do want a bit more features with your keyword research. This tool is great. This is the one I use. It is an affiliate link. However, this video is not sponsored. It's just the tool that I use. However, you can also download the DS Amazon quick view extension in the Chrome store. This is completely free and shows you the same thing. It just lacks all the other features. So to keep it as simple as possible, we are going to want to do this in an incognito browser or a private browser. The reason being is we don't want our searches to skew the results. Now all we're going to do is see if the topic has the metrics that prove that we can sell and prove that we can actually compete. So that's all I added to the spreadsheet here were these two columns. One is for the proof and one is for the competition. And so we can validate this topic here, go diet. And so now that you have your tool, you'll easily be able to see the BSR rank. The bestseller rank of books basically just categorizes each book based on all other books on Amazon. And so if it is under 30,000, it most likely will be selling relatively consistently. And because it is a high content book, the royalties will be good. And so anything under 30,000 will be not bad. Ideally, our book is closer to 10,000. But if your book is hovering between 10 and 30,000, it's still going to be making some decent money. So I'm just looking for books that fall under the 250 reviews or less with a 30,000 BSR or less. And there's actually none. So I'm going to put zero. So, we go zero. So, at this point, you don't even have to look at the next metric. We're going to anyway. However, if there is simply no demand. I don't care how good of a book you create. I don't care how many reviews you have. It's not going to sell. There's nobody buying the book topic. And you're proving that right here because there are no books that are selling. You're not any different. You're not going to sell anything either. So, there is no books that have over 600 reviews roughly. So, we can put zero. However, even though there is no competition, really, there's no demand either. So, let's do another topic. So, let's do this beekeeping topic here. So, once again, we're looking for books that have under 250 reviews with a 30,000 BSR or less. So, all these books have 565, 2,000. This has 20, but it's not really selling. This has 200. It's not really selling. So, it actually looks like there's zero. And there's quite a few books with lots of reviews. So, we have roughly one, 2, 3, 4. So, there's about seven. So there's no books that have under 250 reviews selling, but there's seven with over 5600 reviews. And so a lot of people here will look at this search volume and think, "Oh, there there's people searching. I'm going to publish a book here." However, unless you can rank up here, clearly you'll need at least a few hundred reviews to do so. It's going to be very hard to make sales because if you also scroll down and have a look at the other books that are here that are more in line with what we're going to create, you have 160 reviews, you have 88, 58. And so if there are no books with low reviews that are selling well, why do we think that we're going to be the exception and suddenly sell? If there's more proof that there are books not selling than books that are selling, unless we can get 500 reviews, we're not going to be the exception. We're going to get disappointed. So we have to make sure that we are not just solely relying on search volume to determine if a topic is good. We have to prove that there are books selling on par with what we will create. Then once we do so, we have to prove that the books that are there are not too competitive. And so this, in my opinion, is the simplest yet most effective way to prove if a book topic is good. Simply search up the topic. Make sure it is solving one problem for one person. Find any books that have 250 reviews or less that are selling well. And find as little books as possible that have over 600 reviews. If you can prove this, let's say the beekeeping book had four books that were selling well and only two authority figures, books that have lots of reviews, this is a good topic. There's proof people are selling. There's not too much competition. And now all we have to do is execute a good book and launch it correctly. And there's no reason our book shouldn't sell either. And so go find anywhere from 100 to 200 topics. Go and validate them based on these two metrics and see what you can find. Now something you're probably wondering is why am I not worried about saturation? Why am I not worried about the amount of books that are there? And so the reason I don't care about the saturation in a topic is because most books are not even competition. They have low, mediocre reviews. They have bad covers, poor titles. They most likely weren't launched well. And most importantly, people are probably not upkeeping them. They simply forget about them. Maybe they launched one or two books, didn't have success, gave up, they're not spending any more money on advertising. And so, the reason I'm not looking for volume of books is because they simply aren't our competition. Once we get at least 50 plus reviews, have a better cover and title, and we pair that with a good launch, we already blow past 90% of the books that are in any given topic. But the important thing is those two metrics because if there are books that have 250 reviews or less, selling well, they're most likely executed well, and they most likely will be ranking in the top 1 to three rows. And same with the books that have over 600 reviews. They're going to take a bulk of the sales. They're going to be ranking high. And so the only real place to look is the top three to four rows of the first page. Everything else is irrelevant because if a book is sitting on page four, even if there's lots of books on the topic, they most likely weren't executed well, hence they're not our competition. So we have to make sure we are looking on page one for these metrics. And if the numbers do look good, ignore the saturation because most people didn't execute well. And if you are taking Amazon KDB seriously, consuming a lot of content, and really learning what makes a good book and a good launch, you're going to be fine. So, if you do find a winner, you want me to walk you through my entire book creation process, start to finish, I will leave that video linked below. It will also be on the screen somewhere here. Because finding a keyword is only the first step of the process. If you don't create a good book that people actually want to buy and you don't launch it correctly, even the best keyword will warrant bad results. So, make sure you do nail the book creation process and launch, which I do cover in the free course. And if you are sick of watching tutorials, you just want my exact Amazon KB process step by step as well as get handheld guides along the way to ensure you are on the right track, there will also be a link below for that. That's it for this video. Make sure to subscribe for more nononsense Amazon KB advice. We'll see you in the next one.