Hi everyone, welcome to my channel. This is the last part of our three-part lessons um on how to achieve a very low A cost. As you can see, my this is my A cost in November 25 um at 2.45. But I also had a pretty good royalty of over $8,000. So if you haven't seen my video, I will link down below. Um I've also done first part of how to do niche research and second part of how to create a attractive book cover to in order to achieve this kind of a cost. And today we'll do the last part of this strategy is how to u do niche research properly in order for people to find your book with a very low click per cost rate. All right, let's get started. So, in my last lesson, I went over how to create a attractive book book cover for a B and easy cute animal coloring book. So today we'll use the same example as continuation uh to show you how to do um how to create a title and subtitle and the seven keywords using the most powerful keyword method I've came across um in order to have a very low a cost because basically my ad campaign is just lottery ads automatic ads that are bidding 5 cents or less per click. Um and to achieve that kind of click rate but also getting enough impression and clicks is that you need to have these uh fields in Amazon very optimized. So uh we'll get started with the Amazon website. So if I type in bold and easy coloring book um bold and easy coloring book animals first I have this plugin called AMZ suggestion uh expansion uh it's a free version I can link down below for you to uh use that plugin. Basically what what it does is it brings out more list of the searchable terms on Amazon. So when you usually if you don't have the plugin you might just have first half but this allows you more search terms in so so we come have a look at what are the top search terms the customer use um Amazon's doing a good job for bolding these uh words that are commonly used and what I do is I just make a copy so you can literally just select it. So, I can copy this, select all, Ctrl C, and I just put into a word um a word document or a notepad. Um then go back to Amazon. So, I'll do a few different ways that you can search this coloring book. Copy all these keywords that Amazon suggests. Right? So, I've got a a list of these books that I think it's searchable. And then we come into, you know, what we want to be most searched for. So bold and easy animal coloring book is probably the most most searched keyword for our book. And we will use that as our book title. So here we just write bold and easy. You can write cute or I'm just going to go with animal coloring book for now. So we want the book title to be the most powerful search term, right? And then the subtitle is our second most powerful search term. And how I create a subtitle is I first start with um just chat GPT uh to get me a framework a like a template. So I will just ask chat GPD. Hi, I am making a coloring book. Okay, so Chacht give us a couple options that we can use as a starting point for our subtitle. I'll just go with the first one worth which I think it sounded pretty good. U but as you can see it's quite short. Uh we want to to be able to use this strategy I'm teaching where you can get really low a cost, still get clicks, still get conversion. I really optimize my um the characters in my subtitle to the maximum. So there are authors that don't do that. They like to keep this titles and top subtitles short and concise which looks nice on Amazon where you do search. Um but you know these people are like Jama or Coco. They have establishment in this niche a big following audience. They have the money to target manual campaigns. So they can get away with that. But for me that I'm purely relying on lottery ads, automatic ads, having as much as powerful um keywords in my subtitle books, book cover, a book title and the seven keyword is very crucial. So what I do is this is my starting point. Great. Um and I have a list of my keywords from Amazon search part. Great. Addition to that, I use this very powerful tool called the sellar sprite which is free. I'm using the free version and there is a a premium version that's quite expensive, but I do have a 35% discount code if you guys want to use it. This is not sponsored by this tool. I I literally used this tool for the last year and a half and it have helped me dramatically with my keyword research. So, I'll show you guys how how I do keyword research with this. to go into Amazon. We got our search results from, you know, the bold and easy color animal coloring book. This is the front page where um we I have another plug-in, another free tool link down below as well that will just show you the BSR and the acing, you know, so you don't have to click into the book to find it. It's just a much quicker, efficient way to get your acing and um BSR. So I look at the AC that's you know the lowest acins and go from there. So we have this one cocoa wire of course stress relief that's not really our book. Um this one J summer it's not really our animal book. So we look at something that's our niche. This is a cute animal book. Great. It has 29,000 which is very low. All right. I want to go and deep dive into this book. So I just these things are a bit annoying but whatever. Copy the async just by click on it. Uh come to this tool and there's a tool called reviceise async. So basically what it does is it paste the async in here. Go search and it will show you in the last 30 days what people have searched for to click on the book and therefore bought this book. What keywords they had people search on. So we can see this some float. I think that's the author's name, right? Yeah, Sunflat. So that's we can't use that. That's not a keyword. That's a trademark name. Um but yeah, we can see they search on cute animal coloring book. Animal coloring book. By easy coloring book. Very basic. Cockjet coloring book. Okay, that's something new. So we can add that to our list. it. Right. And then we keep going. See if there's any other words that jumps out that you might not have. Uh, yes. Kids, adult, we probably have these already. Yes. Okay. Then we only got one keyword out of this book, which is fine. We keep going with other books. This uh sort this other one. Animal flower. Cute animal. So, okay. We have a look at this one. Paste it here. Right. Okay. So, we can It's still refreshing. Give it a minute. Okay. Now, this this is what this book has been searched out. Easy adult coloring, right? Bold coloring. Easy animal coloring. Adult adult. This one has a lot of adults. So, I don't think there's anything new in there that we don't have. We just keep going. And basically, you just keep going with the books with low BSRS um until you have enough keywords to put into your seven keywords. Um and this so the free version is limited to 30 days search result. Uh which can be quite limiting especially if you have seasonal books like Christmas stuff. there will be a lot of search terms on Christmas gift, Christmas gift for kids, that kind of things. So the the pro version allows you to go back a whole year uh which can be very very useful where you can dig a lot of a deep much deeper to keywords that you probably never know. So there I can provide the link where you can get a 3-day free trial and I literally just use the 3-day trial to get as much keyword as possible in my niche. For example, if I want to publish a series of bolden easy coloring book, I would just spend three days research the crap out of bold and easy coloring books and put a list of your keywords in a notepad. And you know, every time you publish a bold, easy coloring book, you just it's it's quite repetitive, you know. Just change a few words here and there, but the words like large, pre, easy, simple, adult, for women, for girls, like they will always be the same for all your B and easy coloring books, right? So, so now we got a list of things that we can go off a list of keywords. We just want to optimize our subtitle, right? And we do not want to repeat the words pretty much already in our title. So, we don't want to use this. We can use simple but we don't want to use bold animal coloring book. It's just wasting our space. So I will just go ahead um make the subtitle more powerful but also readable. It has to make sense. You have to give your audience a idea of what your books is about. So this book has 50 designs. So I just say featuring 50 unique great for kids and adult. That's right. We already have well we don't have cute. So we can put cute here. Cute. Um so um let's have a look what's what's some of the keywords in our list that we can use. Right. Cat. We definitely don't want to use Disney. That's a trademark name. your book will be blocked if you put Disney. Um, so we can use animal, we can use cat. If you have flower in your pages, you can also include flower. Christmas, no, unless it's like a Christmas themed animal coloring book. If it's just animal, I wouldn't use Christmas. Animal in costume, right? So, you don't want to use keyword that does not describe your book at all. if it's irrelevant completely. Amazon can pick it up and it can flag your book or block your book in the future. So, I just avoid doing you irrelevant keywords. But we want to find things that's relevant and powerful. Yeah. Kawaii. If you have ocean animal, put ocean animal. Um practice writing. No, it's not a writing book. Large print. So, okay, we got a list of book we can words we can use. So, we can say this is a cute. We already have word easy. We say um cute designs include and then put some animals. We have if you have cats dogs and ocean animal ocean creature we don't want to repeat the word animal creatures ocean and I think forest was another keyword. So we just got ocean and forest creatures, right? You want you don't want to repeat the word, but you want to read smoothly, right? And then we can go perfect for relaxation, stress relief, creativity, fun. Okay, so we only got nine characters remain. Uh, and I think the subtitle sounds pretty good. It has various um keywords, right? Kids, adult, adorable, animals, cute, uh cats, dogs, and stress relief, relaxation. These are all very highly searched terms. So, I'm pretty happy with that. Then you come in put in your author's name in the description section. I've already asked GPT to give me a detailed description. Um, and phone experience it has been pretty good. Sometimes they do, you know, they do have something that does not describe your book correctly. So, you just want to read through, make sure the all the words or the description in here matches your book. Um, and then you can just take your um compliance stuff. Choose your category. I'll skip that for now. Uh, and then in your seven keywords, this is where you really want to stuff in all these other keywords that we haven't used. For example, we haven't used the kawaii. We haven't used these funny uh these keywords that we found using our tool. Um, and then animal in question flowers. You can really like put in as much as you want and it doesn't have to read like a sentence. So I could just go forest, ocean, sea life, right? Animal in costumes, flower, and you go, you filled in the rest. Um, if you ever ran out of keywords, you can always go back to here to do the same thing. Find another book that's relevant, right? Copy the a scene, put in here, and keep digging for unique keywords that you haven't seen before. So, I'll just go ahead and fill in the seven keywords. Okay, so I filled in the seven keywords. As you can see, they don't have to make sense. They don't have to um read. They can just be single words and Amazon is very smart in combining these keywords all together where your customer put in a search term and as long as your words are there they can figure out how to p puzzle them together pretty much. So that's pretty much how I will fill in my the title, subtitle, description and keywords. And I highly highly recommend this spell sprite tool. I only use the free version and that's been working out really good for me. I do think there is a place for the premium. If you have the budget, I would recommend you try it for 3 days. It's free and then you can consider um paying for a month or so to really deep dive into keyword research. There you have it, guys. This is my three-part tutorial on how to achieve a low a cost with your books. I hope you enjoyed it and if you watched all three, I really appreciate your time. I hope it added value to your publishing journey. Um, it certainly I certainly wish, you know, I had this kind of knowledge when I first started. Um, but that's why I created these videos and I am actually not sure what I'm going to create next. So, let me know below what else you would like to see. Uh, if there's any questions, feel free to ask me in a comment. Um, yeah, stay tuned for my December income pool. I guess that will be my next video. See you in the next one.