[Music] Hi everyone, welcome back to my channel. If you haven't watched my last video, I've made a video on how I have achieved a very, very low a cost with high profit margin. My royalty in November 2025 was over 8,000 and I only spent over $200 on ads with a a cost of 2.48. in the video. My a cost was actually 2.55 or 57. Um I recorded the video on the 2nd of December and today is the 8th and I think even though the month has ended as you can see here 1st of November to 31st of November, uh Amazon's they the data is not live and they still have backdating some of the orders that was made during November and hence push my a cost even lower. Um so I would like to share some of my strategies and these are very simple strategies on how I can achieve such a cost. So let's start with lesson one. So basically I follow three simple step to achieve a low cost as well as high royalty. And number one is good niche research. Finding a niche with low competition but high demand is getting harder and harder on Amazon, but it's not unachievable. There are still hidden niches out there that can do that. And there's always new niches. If you can come up with a niche and you know that that be the new trend, that will be the most successful way before any competition comes in. But that takes a lot of creativity. Um, number two is having a very attractive book cover. As we know, people judge a book by its cover, especially on Amazon. So, to stand out for your competition uh by not spending a lot of ad is to have your book cover seen and noticed by people when they're searching um on the millions of books on Amazon. Number three is having powerful keywords. With powerful keyword, you can really get your a cost very very low. Um, and we will slowly um go through that in lesson three, but today we'll be focusing on how to do a niche research. So, let's get started. Let's head over to Amazon. Okay. So, here we're in Amazon. I like to go to the US marketplace because that is the biggest marketplace. It's the best place to do your niche research unless you have specific books that you want to target the UK, German, you know, Canada, etc. But otherwise, we'll use the US as an example. So come into the cognito mode. So then you know your search is not based on your preference. It's the um general public. Um, and I you have to change your post code to a US postcode, which I know that's the New York. So, just go ahead and update that. Um, what I usually do is go to the book section. And then from there, we go to the best seller, Amazon bestseller. And here you can go kind of go down uh this page and see the bestseller. What is a low and medium content book that's trending on Amazon right now. Um the first one the the best sell on Amazon right now is actually this how to draw everything book. So, we go in the book and we scroll down and we kind of look at what this book is about. It's a very simple children's book. Basically teaching children how to draw um certain shapes and food. Uh you can see just start with a outline and it gets into a bit more detailed and color in. So um yeah, it is a very simple book and to get that to a number one seller book on Amazon is crazy. So if you can replicate something like this or better um it will be uh you know this book is making thousands of dollars a day basically maybe even more I don't know um but normally you wouldn't be able to compete with such a book it has what thousands of yeah 500 thousands of reviews I don't know what kind of marketing they're doing social media you know paid ads or all or yada yada yada But we will do a bit more of digging. Go to the related products and look for you know other books that you you think you can um make how to draw modern flower, right? That's a very different niche cuz normally how to draw is all for kids. So this is a different niche. Well, it is for kids, but that's something um kind of stand out to me that's different compared to the other how to draw books. We can kind of pick through the interior pages, right? Did I have a a A+ content? They can look at some Well, that's super super simple. Okay. Okay. So then I kind of like this niche what I see and I would do a bit more research on this particular niche which is called how to draw flowers for kids. As we can see this book come up as number one. It is a sponsor. That means they are paying ads to get this number one spot. It's clearly working because yeah, they are ranking pretty high. Number one thing that I can see is it's under 1,000 BSR. Um under 1,000 search result. So, we want things under 1,000. That's like a green flag. And if we had a look Oh, sorry. I didn't say what the BSR was and the best seller rank. Usually it's down the bottom 17,000 in all books which is really good. Anything that's in five digit is really good. Even three digit it means they are selling at least one or two copies a day. So I really like this niche. Then you know the next step is okay you find something that has demand you know we can have a look at few other books in there whether there's demand. So and 1,000 under 1,000 search result. Um this one also 52,000 also really really good. My rule of thumb is if there's more than three books in the first page that has a BSR in five digit so under 100K that is a good niche. Okay. So we find this it cool niche how to draw flowers for kids. The next question is can we mimic the book right? Do you have the jewelry knowledge? Which if you do, it'd be the best scenario and um any hand illustrated book is very very popular and very stand out in Amazon. Um if you don't, can you use AI to help you? Right? Is there other tools that can you do this in Canva? Can you do this in um Adobe Illustrator, right? Do you have the money to hire an illustrator and on I don't know Fiverr or Upwork um and do a couple pages of these drawings and then you can put it together uh more presentable for kids. So there are a lot of ways where you can make a book like this. Uh but the most important question I ask myself when I find a niche is am I able to this to do this quickly and mass production. Um I don't just want to make one copy of this book. I want to make a few in different varieties in different book covers, different themes, right? Because I don't want to waste a good niche on just one book. I want to make multiple books on this niche. Of course, different content. Um, but as you if you haven't watched my first video, I had I have a thousand books in I know a year and a half uh on Amazon. So I am more about volume because with this if you don't want to spend a lot of money on ads, you do need to have a good volume of book in order to get few thousand you know um of revenue um a month. So we want to get there as quickly as possible is uh can we make as much book as Amazon allow which is I think three books per day now and maximum 10 books a week if you can't get 10 books but at least you should be able to do a few books a week with this niche right if you want to keep your income light if you're happy to spend money on ads and then there there's a completely different strategy. Um but that's not what I'm teaching here. So my my main question to myself is am I able to produce this easily and quickly and would I enjoy it? That's another very important question. Would I enjoy making this type of book? Because I don't want to make one and be like, "Oh my god, I hated it. I don't want to do this again." I want to be able to make one and be interested. I want to learn more and improve. And each book I'm improving slightly more than the last and establish my um pen name in this spec specific niche basically. So that's how to do niche completely free with just Amazon with no plugin, no fancy tool whatsoever. Um now number two way which is how I started is by watching other people's YouTube video. So this guy Jeff set life um was pretty pretty helpful for me at the start at least. But then I kind of noticed like he only talks about niches and how to with other people's books. He never really showed like what his KDP results are. Does he even do KDP? um what's his personal journey with KDP is but he just dives into niche research and that kind of stuff which was which was helpful at the start as a beginner because it's a quick way to observe um new niches that you would never think of and then you can do what I just did on Amazon is go in there putting put in the niche and then see if you know the search results are low if BSRS are and then you can go from there. So that that gives you a easy beginner option to just watch other people's YouTube and and tell you what good niches are. And the third way and probably not the best way um is to go to Creative Fabrica. And if you don't have Creative Fabrica, I can leave a link down below. You get like a free trial that you can download. I think nine ele nine downloads for free and then you can pay $3.99 a month which is really really cheap. So I do subscribe to uh creative fabrica and uh so so what do you do with creative fabric is type in KDP niche and there are people uploaded their list of the niche research in creative fabric. So we just go to the first guy that I see pretty good 500 plus dishes right download that I already downloaded. So coming to the download I um open up the file right. So here this person already have 500 list of different niches right these are all niches. So, you know, you can kind of scroll through and whatever like something I'm trying to look for something that you know I heard of that like I know there won't be a mass product on um on KDP. Oh, I I never heard of this mind mapping journey journal. So, let's go back to Amazon and have a look at this mind mapping journal. From what I can say, it's a pretty simple journal like just graphs and boxes like a mind map which you can easily make with PowerPoint, um, Canva and etc. Oh, any has less than 200 search result. That is pretty decent, I would say. So if we look at one of these top selling ones, is there any um interior? Yeah. Okay. So this person looks like they have six different type of diagrams which you know it would takes a bit of time to make but it's not impossible. It is very doable if you have the right tools I think. And this one has 187 BSR which is not too bad. Let's just have a look at this one. I kind of like this cover. It's It pops out to me more than the others. Um, let's have a look at the BSR for this one. Did I miss it? Yeah. Oh, 1 million. Okay. Not so good. Maybe people don't like the interior. Don't know why. What about the rating? Yeah, it doesn't have a lot of reviews. And this one's quite simple. Sometimes simple cells. Let's have a look at BSR 900. Okay. So, the BSR to me is not great. Uh, but it is a very small niche, meaning not competitive because even on the first page, there is a lot of books that's not even mind mapping. So that means there's probably less than 200 books that's actually mind mapping. So if you do a bit of more research, this could be a decent um niche. But just from a quick glance, oh simply because of most books I clicked on had a quite high BSR uh for me because the graph and you know all these different designs will take some time to make um and I probably can you know don't have that creativity personally to do a multiple books with different diagrams and uh tools and stuff like that. So for me I'll pass but might be different story for someone else but basically this is how you would do uh do the niche research. So you can keep going down keep searching on that list that we downloaded from Creative Fabrica this list. uh you can keep going and keep looking for other niche that are interesting to you and do the same process you know looking at search result look at BSRS look at whether you can make these type of books or not so that is gen the general process pretty simple so next time we will talk about how to create attractive cover uh for Amazon so stay tuned for that see you in the next