Have you ever noticed how KDP changes every single year? A niche that crushed it in 2024 fizzles out in 2025, then suddenly something completely unexpected takes off the year after. That's why if you clicked on this video, you're in [music] the right place because what worked before won't necessarily carry you into the next year. And 2026 already has signs of a shift that most people haven't noticed yet. There are niches worth building now before everyone realizes [music] it. And if you want to give yourself a real shot at results in 2026, the time to position yourself is right [music] now, not 6 months from now. Now, if this is your first time, my name is Jeff and this channel is all about becoming self-sufficient when it comes to making money online. So, if this sounds like you, feel free to give it a thumbs up, hit that subscribe button, and turn on that notification bell so you can be notified whenever I release a new video. With that being said, let's get right to it. Now, the first KDP niche worth starting in 2026 is going to be the bold and easy coloring book. Now, I made a search for bold and easy coloring book for kids. But honestly, whether it's for kids or for adults, these books tend to do well with a broad range of customers. Now, we see total results 247. So, not too competitive here. Average bestsellers rank on the first page, 171,695, and a niche score from Titans quick view of 54. And then when I click here to see the niche score analysis, we can see demand is a five, opportunity is a seven. Now, you might be thinking, "These books are not going to work anymore." But they actually still sell very well, and they're going to sell very well in 2026. The key to these types of books is to find a subniche that other publishers aren't really focusing on and be the first to market that type of niche. So, for example, we see food, drink, and sweets. Now, a bunch of publishers have already tried this type of niche. So, this is quite saturated. Even this cosmetic type, stress relief, and these inspirational types. Now, Christmas coloring books are something to think about because they tend to do well during quarter 4, but they're not going to sell year round. Now, if we check out this book, this is titled Cute, Bold, and Easy Coloring Book. And with these types of books, usually about 40 to 50 designs, so totaling anywhere from 90 to 100 to 110 pages. This one has 105 pages with 50 simple designs. And typically with this book, it is a square size, a 8.5x 8.5 in size. Now, this one is priced at $9.99, which I see a lot of publishers pricing these types of books at this price point. When we look at the interior, you can see just how simple this is. This is an image of a cupcake and some cherries. And then some more pages of the interior on the back cover. So, very simple types of designs, but they seem to do very well on Amazon. Now, this book with a bestsellers rank of $34,831 has an estimated 30-day royalties from Titans Quickview anywhere $500 to $700 per month. Now, here's another example of this type of book in a different subniche. This one is going to be in what's called guy vibes. So, more so for guys. So, as we can see here, sports, cars, outdoors, tech. And if we look at the interior, you can see some hammers, some tools, and then on the back cover, you can see motorcycle, guitar, helmet, basketball, surfing. Now, this one also is doing well. $35,686 bestsellers rank. That's good for an estimated 30-day royalties of anywhere from $400 to $700 per month. Now, the next KDP niche that's worth starting in 2026 is going to be the pixel art color by number coloring book. Now, total results 258. And we see niche score here quite high at a 66. Titans Pro analysis says demand is a three. A little bit low there. However, opportunity is a seven. And when we look through these books, you can see here's one KDP book 12,641. Selling very well. Another one right here with a bestseller ranked at 461. This one ranked at 63,000. Here's another one ranked very very low at 6,963. And then another one right here ranked at 25,291. So, a lot of high performing books in this niche. If we take a look at this book titled Mystery Mosaics, Pixel Art Coloring Book, ranked at 25,291, that's good for an estimated 30-day royalties anywhere from $600 to almost $1,000 per month. Now, these books are going to be sized at your typical 8.5 by 11 in book priced, I see around $9.99 and even higher for these books. And these books aren't really going to include a ton of pages. See this one, 79 pages. And if we read the sample, we can see just exactly what this is. Now, it's pretty simple. I've showcased this type of niche in the past. You're going to have blocks or squares with numbers or letters that correspond with a key, and you're just going to go ahead and follow that key, color each individual block with its correct color, and it's going to come out with a design or a full page image. For example, colored image just like this. It's pretty fun for all ages. And really the key to this is to find a tool or a generator that can create this type of coloring page that actually looks pretty good. So for example, I use this color by number tool for my pixel art coloring books. And as you can see, I uploaded one example right here. This is the original and you can see exactly what it turned out to be. It looks pretty good. There are even some options here. For example, if I want to make it 8.5 by 11, if I want to go simple, detailed, if I want to change the shape to a triangle to hexagon, and then the number of colors right here. This is actually a very, very simple way to create this type of coloring book. Now, if you're interested, you can go ahead and watch the other videos that I covered on this niche in my channel. Also, I'll leave a link to this tool down below if you're interested in checking it out. Just keep in mind, I am using the top version. There are three versions with this tool. So, what you're seeing right here is the version that has all the options enabled. Now, the next KDP niche worth starting in 2026 is the reverse coloring book. We see total results, 1516 and a niche score of 60. And then Titans Pro analysis demand is a seven. Opportunity is a nine. So, not too competitive here. And if we look through these books, here's a bestseller right here ranked at 241. Another book right here doing well at 104,000. Here's one ranked at 83,000. And then here's one ranked at 3,477. Even this one, 124,000. So, a lot of books here that have potential and selling quite well. Now, if we take a look at this book titled Simply Reverse Coloring, this one's going to be 108 pages. So, about 50 reverse coloring pages. This one's priced at $12.99. And if we go through the sample, this is a pretty simple book. It's a little bit harder to make because what it is is you start out with a colored page and then the customer from that page will go ahead and draw to finish the coloring. So, you start out as a colored page, for example, like this. And then you take your pen and you go ahead and fill in or trace over these to create an image. Now, this book has a bestsellers rank of and that's good for 30-day royalties estimated at $500 to around $700 per month. Now, the next KDP niche that's worth starting in 2026 is the Bible verse coloring book for kids. We see total results 1,320 and the niche score 62. Titans Pro analysis says demand is a five. Opportunity is a nine. And if we scroll through these books, you can see here's one right here ranked at 1,000. Here's another one ranked at 71,000. This one is ranked at 16,000. This one 151,000 186,000. Here's one at 34,000. Here's one at 1,991. Here's another one, 160,000. So, a lot of books here sell very, very well. And I've actually covered in depth how to start creating this book on my channel. So, if you're interested in that, you can go ahead and watch some of those videos. Now, here's an example of a book in this niche. This one's titled Simple Christian Coloring Book Devotional for Kids, Adults, Teens, featuring cute pictures and Bible verses. only 45 illustrations. So totaling 94 pages. Not a lot of pages overall. Priced a little bit lower at $7.99. And we look at that review. 4.9 out of five rating. 98% is a five-star. So a very very good book. And looking at the sample, you see this is the type of style this book is. Very simple. Similar to the first niche that we covered. This one just has Bible verses included with it. Now, a tip that you could probably go off of is you could make these Bible verses into coloring elements instead of just having letters here that you really can't do anything with. Now, this book with a ranking of $4,254, seeing 30-day royalties estimated anywhere from,300 to over $2,000 per month. So, just a little bit of the potential that KDP has when a book starts to do well. Now, here's some Bible verse coloring book pages that I made using chat GPT and some simple prompts. You can see the prompt right here. It's not too complicated. You can pause the video to actually look at this prompt and you can see exactly what it produced. The words here are actually colorable. And then you also have your image in the background. And here's another example of this. You can see the AI actually puts these verses exactly where it wants to and places where actually makes sense. So this one is a rainbow in the background, a boy and a girl holding hands. Let your hope make you glad. And just I kept doing it over and over and you can see does very well. If at any time the AI doesn't do what you wanted, you can just re-enter the prompt or try a different prompt and it can go ahead and produce something totally different but within the same style. Now, I have focused on this niche in the past before, so feel free to watch that video. If you're interested in starting to work on this exact type of book, I'll leave the link to the prompt list down in the description below. It is not free, but it is not expensive and it gives you access to hundreds of these prompts that allow you to start creating these books in the fastest, most efficient way possible. And as you can see, the quality that it produces is actually very, very good. Now, Katie Peach number five that's worth starting in 2026 is going to be the word fill-in [snorts] puzzle book. Now, total results, 1498. So, still not quite competitive here. And best sellers rank on the first page averaging 377,000. Niche score quite high is 71 and demand is a six. Opportunity is a nine. Looking through these books, you see kind of the same type of covers here. This one ranked at 20,000. This one 30,000. This one 76,000 and this one right here ranked at 49,000 and even more books doing well. 39,000 30,000 27,000. If we check out this example, word fill-in puzzles. This one has 122 pages, so 200 puzzles overall. And this one's going to have two puzzles per page, that 8 and 1 half by 11 inch size. And this one has the hard coverver version as well. So, doubling down on the ways that you can make money in this niche. The hard coverver version $16.99. The paperback $9.99. Now, here is the sample right here. So, if we look at the interior, once again, I have showcased and gone in depth in this niche before. You can go ahead and watch that on my channel. But essentially, this type of book is similar to a crossword puzzle. However, it's a little bit different. You're going to have letters here, three letters, four letters, five letters, etc., etc. And these letters are going to go into this grid with the object that none of these letters are missing into this grid. And not a single blank space is left. And as you can see, very simple type of puzzle once you have a tool or a generator to create these. These are actually very, very easy to create, but they sell very, very well on Amazon. And this is the word fill-in tool that I use. Now, this one is by the same makers of that pixel art coloring book generator. And so, you can see it looks fairly similar. You can change your puzzles here. 8.5 by 8.5 is really where you want to stay. So, you can put in two on a page. But you can check it out here. You can do small, medium, or large. And then you can do number of randoms here. You can do the number of hints. So, if you go to puzzle here, if you up the hints, you can see the hints show up right here. And you can even do a word mode and a number mode. And with the word mode, this actually gives you a bank of words that you can go ahead and use so that you don't actually have to go ahead and add custom words right here, which is totally fine, but it's just an extra step. And as you can see, here is the solved version that goes into the solve section of the book. Here's the puzzle that goes into the puzzle part of the book. And then the words that you can download and just copy and paste to go along with the puzzle. And as you can see, there are more right here. So, very simple way to create this type of book. If you want to check this out, I'll leave the link down below. Once again, I am using the top version of this tool. Everything's pretty much enabled here. And so, just keep that in mind with the basic and the mid versions. For example, these word categories are not all going to be unlocked. However, even with the basic version, you can start creating these word fill-in puzzles to get you started. Before we wrap this up, here's the truth. There's no guarantee, no magic button, and no niche that prints money on its own. But choosing smarter niches for 2026 puts you in a completely different position than chasing what's already dying off. If you want more videos breaking down niches like this one, ones that actually are worth your time, let me know in the comments down below. And if you want extra help getting started the right way, my KDP royalty road map is [music] linked in the description. It's completely free, and think of it as the starting point I wish I had when I began. will take these niches, the research, and the strategy, and turn it into something that you can actually publish. If this video helps you see what's possible, don't forget to leave a like, subscribe, and turn on that notification bell so you don't miss my next video. With that being said, thanks for watching. Bye for now.