Kia ora. My name's Nat and I make the Kindletrends newsletter for indie authors. Today, I want to show you a resource I've made where I've listed all the categories in the Kindle Store. It's completely free and I've done it for print and e-books for the US Store, the UK Store, and the Amazon Germany Store. In this video, I want to show you how to get these lists and a few cool things that you can do with them. So let's get started. You can get the list of categories by going here: kindletrends.com/categories And you'll see that you can choose a bunch of different ones, US, UK, and Germany, print versus e-books. Categories are all subtly different in each of these, but the way the lists work is all the same. So let's stick with the Amazon US e-book one for the moment. Once you've seen how to use that, you'll be able to use all the others. Now, if you're a spreadsheet person, you can just click the buttons here and download the spreadsheets in Excel format. This will work not only with Excel, but with Google Sheets or any other spreadsheet program. If you're not a spreadsheet person, then never fear. I've made an online version and I'm going to show you how to use it here. Just click the button that says 'View Online', and here it is. This is an online tool in a service called Airtable. And it's kind of pretty much like Excel or any other spreadsheet, but I've added a few neat things to it. Click the button here that says 'Views' to hide this sidebar. And here on the left you'll see all of the categories. Remember, this is the US e-book categories. If I click on one of them, then on the right hand side over here, you'll see the details for that category. Now, we'll go through those in just a minute, but the first thing I want to show you is how to filter the categories by name. Let's say I'm working on a historical non-fiction title, and I want to know about history categories in the Kindle store. I click on 'Filter', click 'Add Condition', and select 'Category Name', 'Contains', and then 'histor', because that'll get 'history' and 'historical' and 'historiography' and so on. And you can see it's filtered a bunch of categories. There's actually quite a lot of history categories. I can also filter at the same time on the top level categories to which each of these belong. So maybe I just want the ones under 'History' and 'Nonfiction' like this. And that cuts it down to a more reasonable 20 different categories that I can go and check out. If you want to know what each of these columns mean, then you can put your mouse pointer here over the little 'i', and it will explain what that column means. For instance, Category Path is really important. This is the information you'll want to post into your email to Amazon Support if you want to get your book added to each of these categories. These two columns here, Popularity and Activity, are kind of a simple measure of what's going on in each category. Popularity is a general measure of how high ranking the top books are, and it's divided into five bins. What we see over time from looking at Kindletrends data is that categories tend to stay in these bins. Ranks can go up and down, but a Top 1000 category doesn't tend to drop out of sight, and it doesn't suddenly shoot up to become a Top 100 category. Activity is kind of the same thing, except for the number of books published in the last 30 days. It shows whether this is a busy category, where the lot of books coming out all the time, or a quiet one with only a few books. But, you know, I wouldn't get hung up on these popularity or activity stats, and I definitely wouldn't recommend using them as a reason to include or exclude your book from a particular category. Instead, what I recommend is that you put your books in the categories which are the best fit for them. And we can figure that out by looking at the top 100 page and the last 30 days page for a category. To find these, I can click on a title. Let's try this one. And then, on the right, I can see the links to the top 100 and to the last 30 days pages. If I click on these and scan them, this is a really good way to get a sense of what else is going on in this category, and if it's right for us. The last thing that I want to show you is this popularity versus activity plot. This shows all the categories you're seeing here on the left, and it plots how popular they are by sales rank against how busy they are. If I mouse over each one of these dots — each dot represents a category — then it tells me what that category is, and if I click on them, I can go straight to the Top 100 for that category. This gives you a quick idea of all the categories matching a particular word or a set of filters. And that's all for this video. Give this a try and search for some words and some categories that are relevant to your books, and then send me an email or contact me on the Kindletrends Facebook page and let me know how you've gotten on. If you want to learn more about research, then go to kindletrends.com, and I've got a bunch of free articles there about how to dive into different kinds of research, and how to go beyond just categories and to look at the story elements which are really relevant to your book and that resonate with readers. Ka kite ano, and have a great day.