Hello everyone. So today's video is going to be a little bit different. Today I'm going to be sharing with you one of the tools that I absolutely love to use and it's called Publisher Rocket. This allows me to do my upfront keyword research to ensure that a particular word, topic, title that I want to use meets search demand on Amazon for people searching for books on that topic. So let's just dive into this and I want to show you a little bit about how it works. So, of course, this tool is really a powerhouse. So, I'm not going to get into all the nitty-gritty details of it right here on this video today. Um, but I am going to dive into the keyword research portion of it. So, a guy in a local group, he is planning to write a book and he was mentioning he wanted to write a book about Bitcoin and investing, um, things along those lines. So, I'm going to go ahead and help him out with doing a little bit of keyword research for that to first define if this is a good topic to even start to create a book about. So, what you want to do is if you are thinking of doing some upfront research on a particular topic, you want to come in here to do keyword research. Now, in here, there is a drop-own option where you can select Kindle or Audible only, but most of the times we just want to do books because when we're talking about self-publishing, it is the paperback books where we're making pretty much most of our profit, right? So, let me put in Bitcoin and I'm going to search for this. Now, the thing that I really like about this is that it's going to bring back a bunch of different keywords related to that topic that I typed in. So, this is the keyword Bitcoin. Bitcoin books, Bitcoin for Dummies 2025. Now, one key thing since I'm an experienced publisher that I could point out right here is you wouldn't want to use this one even though it's, you know, we can click the search button here, Bitcoin for Dummies 2025. We're seeing this is in the green. This is in the green, but I already know that this is a trademark term because anytime you have that four dummies, that is a series of books that are trademarked, the four dummies collections, right? So, you want to avoid using that kind of language in your title. However, we'll take a closer look at some of these other keywords and let's see what they mean and if there's any opportunity here. So, even though that some of these are showing up here in red and it's saying when you hover over it, not enough searches, I would still consider something close to 800 searches per month. Still quite a bit of searches. Now, a couple of things that we want to take note of that I am going to um kind of talk a little bit about is each one of these columns, right? So, the average pages, this column right here tells us how many average pages books in this category using this keyword typically have. Again, you know, your book might have more or less, but this is just a guideline. Number of competitors. So, we can see that Bitcoin has over 40,000 competitors using that term. There's over 40,000 books using that name in its title or subtitle. Now, if you get down into something like Bitcoin standard, and I don't even know what that means, but I'm sure if you're an investing guru, you probably know what that means. Okay, so Bitcoin standard, there's only 756 books with that in the title or subtitle. So you can see that this here in the competitive score on this side tells us exactly um how hard it would be for you to rank your book for that keyword with zero being the easiest and 100 being the hardest. So it's moderately competitive. It's not oversaturated. There could be some opportunity, but I would say here at 211 searches per month, this is searches per month. This is relatively low. Now looking at this the average price this is the average price point that books are selling for in that with that particular keyword in its title or subtitle. Again this is just a guideline. It doesn't mean that you have to price your book at $15. You could price your book at $20. You could price your book at $13. This is just giving you a guideline to understand how to base your pricing. um estimated monthly earnings is about across all of the books in the category. Here is what the median average the average range is essentially on what those books are making. So you do have an opportunity to make money here. So let's just go ahead and see what else we can surface if there's any other areas of opportunity that really look good. So, as you're diving into this and you continue to just unlock these search opportunity areas like this Bitcoin mining heat reuse, that is a longtail keyword. It probably doesn't mean a lot. Therefore, nobody's typing in the data here. There's no information available. So, we would definitely, you know, skip over that one. Um, we got this book, uh, Bitcoin kids book. Not a lot of opportunity there either because, you know, we can see here these books are only making $76. There's like no competitors using that. It's really just something that probably isn't worth spending your time on. So, let's see what this one has to say. Bitcoin Books 2025. All right. Very low competition. We're in the green there. it does get a decent amount of searches and the reason why is likely because people are looking for the up an updated investing strategy. When it comes to investments, things are constantly changing. So, here's one thing to keep in mind, especially if you're going to write a book recommending different uh cryptocurrencies, things like that, is that those things are changing constantly. So, your information may get stale. Okay. Okay, so now that we've looked through these core keywords and we went through some of the short list here, my professional advice in this particular category is probably to skip it. And the reason being is because there is a lot of competition in the main keyword, which is Bitcoin here. Um, it is oversaturated. Now, you can use a keyword like Bitcoin books, but that's not really going to sound good specifically in your title. you would be able to use um Bitcoin books as a keyword that you're plugging into your listing description or when you're running ads, you would type it in for Bitcoin books as a particular search term, but you know, it still has moderate competition. The searches are pretty decent. You might make some money off of it. So, what do we do next? We try to look for alternative titles. I'm not saying you would not use Bitcoin anywhere in your title, but it would be a great option to use potentially in the in your subtitle. So, the next best thing that I would do is start to look for terms that are alternatives. So, let's start a new search and let's try um crypto currency. Okay, so let's take a look at how books are fairing in the marketplace with around the terms cryptocurrency. So, if we take a look at this. All right. So, cryptocurrency 588 monthly searches on Amazon, a 66 moderately competitive um competitor score. So, it's not quite as high as that search volume that we saw for Bitcoin specifically, but the market also isn't as oversaturated with cryptocurrency topics. Now, again, what were we seeing here? 49 competitive score for cryptocurrency book and 897 searches on Amazon. So for Bitcoin book, the competitor score was actually lower. So that gives me an indicator that that is maybe an opportunity to go after Bitcoin or cryptocurrency. It's a few points higher here on the competitor side. So I really wouldn't worry about it. You could lean either way, but still with cryptocurrency as the title of the book, you are getting a uh a lot less on the competitive side here. Again, we want to avoid the four dummies language, but we could maybe do something like for beginners. Now, this has some potential right here. The cryptocurrency for beginners is still able to probably overlap and cover the Bitcoin topic that the person wanted to cover as well as it's a moderately competitive and still and when you're talking about all these different search terms and the way that people are searching for it. So you would add up cryptocurrency for a beginner, cryptocurrency book, cryptocurrency like we're talking about a good number of searches right now. So, cryptocurrency trading. So, if you were to put trading into your title or subtitle, um, again, there's not much competition there at all. Um, but it it doesn't really get very many searches, but you still could get impressions and search and clicks over to your book listing just because all of these other cryptocurrency search demand is out there. Um, cryptocurrency investing. This is another way to branch out your title a bit more and get more specific with also mentioning investing. Not a ton of search volume on that very specific search phrase, cryptocurrency investing as an exact match. Um, but still a moderate, you know, competitive score, which really isn't too bad. It means there's still opportunity there. um cryptocurrency and Bitcoin demystified. Okay, this is really interesting because this one is more hitting on what this particular person was interested in doing a book on. Um again, this is a longtail keyword. So, this is not something unless people are searching for an exact title of a book that may already exist or something very specific that they have in mind. There's really not very much search demand on this and a competitive score of nine, meaning really not much competition in the marketplace. I'm willing to bet that this is probably a specific book that already exists and that specific book is making about $226 a month. Um, cryptocurrency day trading, again, low competition score, but look at this. This is really interesting here because although it has a pretty low amount of monthly searches, look at how much money this specific uh book a book maybe with this in its subtitle is making. So it doesn't mean that it's just one book, but it is under two about 2,000 competitors that are using cryptocurrency day trading in their book title or subtitle. And then across all of these books, they're still averaging at least $3,399. So, I would say that there is some potential opportunity to do something like this. Now, because there's also this other book here called Cryptocurrency and Bitcoin Demystified, maybe there is some leverage to use both of the names in a title or subtitle. and try to reap the benefits of the search volume across both categories when crafting the title and the content for your book. Um, so overall, this is a great tool. It allows you to do extensive research based on whatever topic you're looking for, um, and narrow down some keywords that are lower in competition, decent in search demand. You see books are making a decent average monthly income. Um, and then just try to run with that, right? So anyway, I hope that you found this helpful. If you are interested in also getting the Publisher Rocket software, I'm going to put it down below in the description here so you can go and find that easily.