In this video, I want to show you an honest comparison between Data Dive and Helium 10 to see which is the best Amazon keyword research tool out there. Now, I've been using Helium 10 for over 7 years, but over the past couple of months, I've also been testing Data Dive and the results have been very promising. I've been using it for both my own products and also for people that are part of my mentorship service. I've been helping them as well, and we've been seeing good results. So, I want to show you an honest comparison, show you the differences in the data that comes back so that you can make your own decision. And there are lots of other differences between Data Dive and Helium 10, but for the purposes of this video, I just want to focus on the keyword research aspect. So, if you were doing keyword research with EVA Tool, the process is quite similar. What you would do is you would go to Amazon, you'd put in the most relevant, highest volume search term for the niche that you're looking at. So in this case, we're taking a look at the car boot protector niche. And then we would choose the top selling products and we'd analyze those products to try and figure out which are the best search terms to target because if these products are ranked well on Amazon for these search terms and they're making good sales, if we target the same search terms of our product, we've got a good chance of achieving similar results. So that's the overall theory. So to do this, we'd go to Amazon, we put in the search term, and then if we were using Helium 10, we would fire up X-ray. And if we're using data dive, we would fire up dive box. I'm going to show you both. So this is X-ray. I'm sure you guys have seen this before. And this is what's called a sales estimator tool. It shows you overview stats for all of the products in this niche. And with Data Dive, Divebox does the same thing. You can see they're fairly comparable. And in a future video, I'll probably do a full comparison between X-ray and Divebox, but I just want to focus on keyword research in this video. So, with Helium 10, we're going to use Cerebro to analyze these products. But there is one limitation. We can only analyze a maximum of 10 products. So, you can see I've got 10 products selected and I can run Cerebro. But if I choose another product, it won't let me run Cerebro. Whereas with data dive and dive box, we don't have that 10 asin limit. I'm not sure if there actually is a limit. I've done dives with kind of 30 to 40 products and it's been fine. For the purposes of this video, I have 19 different asins selected. So if I choose dive on this and also we will run Cerebro, they're going to return lists of keywords for us to analyze and choose whether we want to target them with our own product listing and also with our PPC. So I'm going to start with Cerebro from Helium 10. I'm sure you guys have probably seen me do this before, so I'm going to keep it as short as possible. So Helium 10 will initially return all of the search terms. So, we have over 2,000 keywords, which is far too many keywords to work with. So, we need to apply some filters. So, as a minimum, I put in a search volume filter. So, this gets rid of all of the low volume search terms that you don't want to waste time and effort trying to target. And if we choose apply filter, now we will see the list comes down to 137 keywords. So, it's a much more accessible list to work with. In comparison, if we go over to dive box from data dive, we can see it's already filtered it down to 92 keywords. So, I guess from the get- go, you already have a more optimized list to start with as a lot of the noise has been eliminated. Now, this pre-applies some filters and these filters you can change. So, if we go up to the cog at the top, we have this filter, which is a minimum relevancy of 30%. Now, what does that mean? That means from those 19 products I had selected at least 30% of them must be ranked in the top 100. And if they are then that particular search term will appear in that list I just showed you. You can see we also have other filters here for outliers. So what are outliers? Outliers are search terms that aren't making it into the 30% plus relevancy category but still have a high search volume. So you may want to consider them. So, data dive puts these into a separate list. And then we also have what data dive calls residue, which are those search terms that aren't relevant and also don't have a high search volume as well. So, we have three lists by default before we even touch anything. We have this main list here, which we call the MKL, the master keyword list with 92 search terms. We then have the outliers, which remember was less than 30% but a minimum of 2,000 search volume. So, you got some search terms here. And then you have residue which are the ones that have low relevancy and also low search volume. And the good thing is you can go through this list and any of the ones that you feel should be in the main list you can add them into the master keyword list which data dive call your MKL. Now what I do like about data dive is that it sorts it by relevancy. So relevancy is the number of these products or the percentage of these products that appear in the top 100. So, you know, if the relevancy is 100% for 19 different products, that is almost certainly a search term you should be targeting. And we can see 100% relevancy for car boot protector, boot protector, boot liners, car boot cover, car boot covers, car boot covers protector, and car boot protector liner. And you got 95% relevancy. So, you can see all of these, all of these search terms are really, really good, and they're really, really relevant. And I'd be surprised if you found any search terms here that you wouldn't want to include somewhere in your listing. Whereas, if we go back to Cerebro, let's take a look what other keywords we have. Boot liners, car boot liners. These look pretty good, too. That search volume filter has done a pretty good job. But, and this is for me the biggest difference. This is where data dive for me takes the lead over Cerebro. And this is this section here. here. So on the right hand side, you've probably spotted all these numbers and colors. What do they mean? Whereas with Cerebro, we're kind of a bit blind as to which products are ranking for which search term. This is just kind of an overall view of the data. Whereas with data dive, it is showing us which product. Let me just move me for a second so you guys can see. So data dive is showing us the individual ranks for each search term for each individual product. This is in my opinion why data dive is currently the leader in the space as Amazon keyword research software. So if we look at these products from left to right, these are your top selling products versus the ones with lower sales. And you can see the colors change. So red means really good ranks, then it's orange, then it's yellow, then it's green. So you can see as I go from left to right, we see less red, more orange, then more yellow, etc. And the good thing about this is it gives us a realistic idea of what we would need to achieve to get similar sales to the products that are already on Amazon. So at the moment I have some information hidden as I didn't want to overwhelm you with all of the data on this page. But if I enable the competitor details here, it will show us lots of pieces of information. If I expand there, there's lots of data to look at. But for now, I just want to focus on sales. And we can see from left to right we are ranked from highest to lowest. So these guys here doing huge sales and they have fantastic ranks generally speaking. Whereas if we go across to the right hand side a bit and let's say we were going into this niche aiming for 3 to 400 sales per month. We can take a look at these products which are doing 442 406 384 324. And then we can take a look at these ranks and go do you know what these don't look too bad. If I can get into the top 10 to 20 positions for these search terms, I've got a reasonable chance of making comparable sales. So, not only do we know the best search terms to target overall, we also know the types of ranks we need to aim for to hit our sales goal. And I think for me, this is this is a game changer knowing this on an individual product level. when you're analyzing your competitors and saying, "Ah, they're doing XYZ sales because they're ranking for these search terms." And also, when you're looking at the search results, so if you're in X-ray or Divebox, sometimes products have higher sales than products that are ranked above them. So, you can see here there are a number of products here with lower sales ranked above products with higher sales. And this is because your sales will come from multiple search terms. And if we go back to data dive, we can do a comparison between a couple of these. Let's expand these again. So these guys here, these have the most sales in the niche, but they're only ranked kind of fourth, second, fourth. They're in top five for a lot of the search terms. Whereas these guys here have lower sales, but they're ranked one. So in theory, you think they should they should have more sales. They're ranked first. But what's actually happening with this product, if we scroll down, their search terms drop off a lot quicker. So, they're doing really well for the high volume search terms, but for the longer tail and lower volume search terms, these guys are in the double figures much more than these guys here. So, it can help you paint a clearer picture of where demand is coming from and why certain products are achieving certain sales. So, this I think is the big difference at the moment. this data here seeing at an asing level how each product is performing, how they're ranking, and which search terms are driving their sales. Now, to make keyword data useful, you also have to track your ranks. There's no point targeting a search term if you're not tracking the ranks to see what sort of results you are getting. And I've always used the Helium 10 keyword tracker. The good thing is Data Dive also has an equivalent called Rank Radar. So, I'm going to bring up the ranks for one of my products. And I'm going to have to blur out all of this data on the left so you can't see the search terms and the search volumes. And I think this is actually better than keyword tracker because one, you don't have to manually enter all of the search terms like you do on keyword tracker. You can pull this straight through from your keyword list. And two, it shows you the historic daily readings here from right to left. And it makes a lot of sense. So if I look at this data now during the Black Friday event which was from the end of November I think to the 1st or 2nd of December. I actually priced this product quite keenly. I turned off PPC because what I do often during events is turn off PPC and then use that saving on PPC to reduce my price. And when you have a lower price, your product will often have a better click-through rate and a better conversion rate. And that will often lead to your ranks improving. And this is exactly what happened. And if we can see over here towards the end of November, I was ranked first for this search term, second and third for this search term. But once the Black Friday event ended and I went back to my usual strategy of a higher price supported by PPC, my ranks started to increase. I can also take a look at this search term for example and say, look, I used to rank okay for this, but now I've started getting up to kind of 15, 20th position. Maybe I need to chuck a little bit more at PPC to drive myself back into the top five results and I can get a few more sales from that. So this again I think in comparison to Helium 10 the keyword keyword research aspect and the rank tracking is superior. So if you already sell on Amazon or you're at the stage where you're creating your product listing I think you're going to get be better off with data dive. Now that does not mean that Helium 10 still doesn't have its place and it can still be a great tool for keyword research and tracking your keywords but at this moment in time I think Data Dive does have the edge. Now, if you want to try out EVA tool, there will be links in the pin top comment and in the description. I think Helium 10 got 40% off for up to the first 12 months. And Data Dive are offering a free 2e trial and if you use my affiliate link in the pin top comment or description, you get 10% off for your first 6 months as well. So, I definitely would give Data Dive a go. Now, if you're looking to start your own Amazon FBA business, but you're not quite sure what steps to take, I've got a step-by-step guide that will show you everything you need to do to start your own Amazon FBA business. I'll pop up a link to that video now, and I'll see you guys over there.