Hey there, it's Amelia. Today I'm diving into Bookbolt 2.0, the brand new version released in 2025 with a sleek new interface, faster performance, and updated research tools. Bookbolt has always been a hidden gem of a tool, a complete platform that makes designing and publishing books for Amazon KDP super easy. If you've ever wanted to create coloring books, story books, and lowcontent books, you're in the right place. Now is the perfect time to check out Bookbolt 2.0. It's not just an update. It's a total transformation. Instantly create coloring books and story books ready for Amazon KDP upload. Analyze real Amazon keyword search volumes. Explore the top KDP niches and bestselling products. Here's a new dashboard, and in just a minute, I'll walk you through all the bells and whistles. You could now go from blank page to publish book even faster with tools like the cover creator, interior designer, a drag and drop editor, customization options, over 1 million royaltyfree images, patterns, and scalable designs, plus tons of free fonts. And don't worry, you can try all of this with their 3-day free trial. I'll explain more about the free trial coming up. Bookbold also helps you research what's actually selling on Amazon with real keyword volumes and competition insights. and I'll be demoing this as well. Before you design and publish your book, research is key. Book Bolt makes it easy to uncover high demand, low competition book ideas using these tools. Also, if you're designing several books or even a series, Book Bolt's listister tool saves tons of time by letting you upload in bulk. It does the repetitive work for you. More about this coming up. Also, what's great is that there are training calls every month where you can get all your questions answered by experienced lowcontent publishers. Now, you're not going to want to miss the rest of this video. It's a complete review of Bookbolt 2.0. So, let's get started. Before I dive into the dashboard, just wanted to let you know if you're new to Book Bolt, just go to bookbolt.io and then click free trial. And then on that screen, you can scroll down and check out the plans. If you're brand new, you might want to start with the newbie, which includes all these different features, or you can jump right to the pro, which also includes additional credits. If you're planning on using the AI feature, also puzzle, crossword, and sedoko creation tools. By the way, there is a yearly and a monthly payment plan. If you go with the yearly, the price is reduced. And remember to use my code Amelia 20 to save 20%. Here I am at the Bookbolt 2.0 dashboard. We're going to take a look at the different reports in the research section here. But first, I want to just mention that if you ever want to collapse the menu, you can click on the hamburger menu to collapse it or expand it. There's also a little moon here and if you click it, it goes to the nighttime view or you can switch to daytime. I'm going to go ahead and use the nighttime mode. So, first let's talk about each of the reports under the research section. The product search option displays top selling lowcontent books on Amazon by analyzing competition categories, bestseller ranks, and performance. We'll take a quick peek and you could see that already without putting any search criteria in. It's listing generally low to high. That's a bestselling ranks and the lower the better to get to number one. All the different books. You can enter keywords or select a particular category if you want to narrow it down. So, for instance, if I wanted to look up food and then I'll select the category, I'll select coloring book, click search, the stats will refresh, and then you can see bestselling books to get ideas of what's trending and ranking high on Amazon. Now, at any time if you see a book that you want to set as your favorite because you want to get back to the statistics later, you can just click on the heart icon and then you can either add a category or select an existing category and it will be added in your favorites in here. Next, let's take a look at Book Scout. Quick note that Book Scout supports only KDP products. This tool will help you as it will reveal competitor as SIN keywords plus metrics like search volume and competition for smarter keyword optimization. If you know the ASIN of a book, you can enter it and click search or you can go back to the product search as I shown and you want to grab the ASIN from there to see the stats in Book Scout. So, I'll move over to product search and grab an ASIN for a book related to say something that you're creating. So, I've already entered in the keywords stress relief, and I picked the category journal. So, let's scroll down. And you want to pick something that's close to what you're thinking about creating. Let's say you're thinking about creating a gratitude journal. This particular one, it shows the title, author, price, BSR, average BSR, and estimated sales, etc. So, you want to grab the ASIN and you could either select it, copy and paste it over in Book Scout or you can click this little icon here and it jumps right into Book Scout and shows you the stats for that selected book. Again, I'm going to add that to my favorites. Maybe it's an example of a journal that I like and I want to keep the stats in mind and I want to add a category called journals. So looking at these stats is helpful because you could determine whether there are some popular keywords that's helping this book sell that could help a book that you're creating in the same niche. So you want to look at the ranking. You can sort the total items account. That's the total items using this keyword and the search volume. That's a number of people per month that are searching for this particular keyword phrase for books in that niche. You can also add some of these keywords as favorites. So, for example, gratitude journal woman. Maybe that's a particular phrase that you want to keep in mind. So, you can add it to your favorites to the keywords favorites section. I'm just going to add it to favorites. And it added it to the keywords section in favorites. Next, let's take a look at favorites. As you do your research, you want to add any products or keywords that you want to save for later. And it's really important to add categories otherwise everything will be together in one list in favorites. So I have coloring books so far and I have journals as well. And then you can also add the keywords as you've seen. Now I have quite a few keywords and I have not created any categories. So you definitely want to take advantage of the categories to group the keywords together for different books in preparation for optimizing your metadata for uploading on KDP. So for example, if I wanted to add a category for say journals in particular gratitude journal, I'll go ahead and add that category. And then if you remember, I added the keyword from that gratitude journal. So that would be at the bottom of my list. So I'm going to go to the very bottom. There it is there. And I want to switch category and add that to the gratitude journals category. And now if I click on that particular category, you'll see that keyword. Next, let's take a look at the keyword search. For better results, the more specific and niche your keywords are, the better your search results will be. Using trending, popular keywords related to your book, and you'll enter those when you upload your book on KDP will make your book more visible and more searchable. As you can see here, there's two columns, and you can search and see stats for Amazon keywords as well as Google keywords. And this would be helpful if you're running ads on Google. If you're not, then you can just focus on the Amazon keywords. You can see some Amazon keyword phrases listed here and the search volume. If I click on search volume, I will be able to sort it low or high. Let's look at a specific example. At the top, you'll want to enter in a phrase. Again, this is either for new ideas or a book you're working on. Let's go ahead and put in bold easy coloring book. I'll click search. And then in the Amazon keywords section, you want to take note of search volume. Again, you can sort if needed. And then let's look at these icons here. The first one would take you to product search. So, for example, if you wanted to see specific books that utilize that bold and easy coloring book keyword, you would click on the magnifying glass and that's going to take you to the product search and show you related books. I scroll down and you could see a few of them. Let's return back to the keyword search. The second icon would actually take another phrase. Well, this one's already at the top here, but let's say we look further and we want to hone in on bold and easy animals coloring book. If I click the A, that would actually put that keyword phrase up in here and just search and provide the stats for that keyword. The third icon, the pie chart, shows more details. So, if I click there, you're going to see on the left the estimated monthly sales volume and the letter here on the right is a competition score. Finally, you have the heart icon. So, you can add any of these keyword phrases to your favorites. Okay. Next, let's look at movers and shakers. This identifies books with the largest recent sales rank changes, showing trending book topics for you to get more ideas for new opportunities for best-selling books. These are trending books that are moving and shaking up the algorithm, and some may be recently published, or they may be popular depending on the time of the year. It's the end of October at the time of making this video and therefore calendars for the new year are popular. You can also at the top you can change and hone in on a particular category. For instance, let's change this to coloring books. And you could see daily, weekly, or monthly stats. Let's look at monthly stats. Here's a little summary at the top. and then moving down again since it's very close to Halloween. This particular book had a really high sales rank and it dipped down mostly because it's just about Halloween. So again, this tool would help if you want to see trending niches and hot new opportunities. Next, let's take a look at the evergreens reporting. The evergreens option finds timeless products that never go out of style. So these particular niches sell all year round. You can change and look at either 1 month or up to 3 months in your statistics and categories. I'm going to change this to music sheets. So, let's say we want to look at the stats for over the last month on popular music sheets with a average bestselling rank of one to 525,000 plus. And click search. And you can see that there's 300 results, a little summary here, and these are specific books on music sheets that are quite popular. And then on the right you want to take a look at the line graph and you could see the sales trend and then the green line would be any changes in price. You could also see the estimated sales etc. So this tool would be excellent to research evergreen products if you have an idea for a particular evergreen product. You can pair notes with some of these trending evergreen books. Okay. Next let's look at book archive. This particular tool displays the top selling lowcontent books for any chosen day, making it easy to identify trends and hot topics. So, you can change this to any date. It's a fairly new report released in 2025. So, you can go back as far as beginning of August. I'll change this to October 1st. Okay. And this lists 500 results. You have your summary information here. And as in the other reports, you can see estimated sales and other stats. And if you are interested in this particular type of book and you want to see more, you can click on this first icon to jump to Book Scout and that would show you the keywords, you can click here to see more details and that will give you a line graph. And again, you could see any trend in sales rank and also any dips in the sales price. For instance, this had a sales price of $7.99 and then it was increased to $9.99. Finally, you have the heart if you want to add this to your favorites. Next, let's take a look at KDP categories. The KDP categories module helps you find the most relevant Amazon browse categories for your book. And this is really important for when you select categories specific to your book while uploading on KDP. For example, once you enter a keyword here at the top and click search, you could see matching category paths and the relevance. Using the best categories for your book will improve your book's searchability and your listings visibility. Next, we're going to take a look inside the Book Bolt Studio. Once I select Bookbolt Studio, may be prompted to log in, and you want to use your Bookbolt credentials to sign in. Let's create a low content book together. I'm going to walk you through the process of designing a food log book just as an example. And by the way, if you like night mode, it may have defaulted to day mode. So, you just want to click on the moon to go to night mode. To get started, click project, new project. In the new project dialogue box, first you're going to select your project type. It's going to default to paperback cover and interior, but you can change it to any of these other options. I'm going to select paperback interior for the purpose of this tutorial. The book cover needs a bit more attention and requires that you download the KDP template, which is based on the number of pages and trim size. So, let's save that for a separate tutorial. Next, you have the option of selecting low content or AI story generator. You can certainly experiment with the AI story generator. For purpose of today's tutorial, I'm going to keep low content as the selection. For the project name, I'm going to enter food log. Actually, I'm just going to call it food journal. 6x9 is a popular trim size, and you could change it to another size if desired. I'm going to make this 8 1/2 by 11. For interior and paper type, it defaults to black and white interior with white paper, which I'll leave. I'm going to select bleed. That's for images that are going to encompass the whole page. And the page count, you could have a page count as low as 24. However, for a log book or journal, 100 is about average for the amount of pages. And select create project. Here's a quick 10-second tour of the studio. On the left, you see all your pages based on the number of pages that you entered on the previous screen. And if you selected interior and cover, you're going to see an additional page above here that says cover. Depending on what page is selected, right now, page one is selected. The center area is your canvas for your book. The right side will have all the layers for the current page that you're working on. This way, you can select a layer and move it to front or back as needed. On the bottom, you're going to see a summary of the project information that you entered on the previous screen. I entered food journal, 8 and 1 half x 11 pages, black and white paper, etc. On the bottom right, you can adjust zoom and other options for your pages so that it fits on your screen. And now the most important are the icons for creating your book. There's free drawing, shapes, adding [snorts] text, file library for adding images, page templates, which we're going to explore next, patterns, masks, [snorts] textures, the clone feature, grid lines, and AI tools. The page numbers also say odd or even and you want to keep in mind how they will appear in your book. The odd pages 1 3 etc will appear on the right side of your book and even pages 2 4 etc will appear on the left side of your book. Let's get started by clicking the page templates which is the puzzle icon. Now before I search for a food journal template I want to mention that there's an array of templates to choose from. And if it's your first time creating a book, you'll definitely want to explore all the different interiors. And this could be used for logs, journals, puzzle books, and a whole lot more. So, to get started, I'm going to go ahead into the search box and enter food journal. And I'm going to use this one. And I'm going to mark it as a favorite as well. I'll go ahead and select it. And on this screen, you can select to add the template to all pages or just certain pages if it's the first time you're creating a book in Book Bolt. What you could do is you can add it to one page, customize it, and then clone it to all the other pages, which is exactly what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to deselect and then just going to select the one page and continue to options. Now, you have the option of keeping the aspect ratio, which will center the work area or paper, or you can resize and fill the whole work area or paper. I'll just keep this option for now. I'll preview it. That's the way it's going to look until we customize it. And I'll click submit. So, you can use any of these tools to customize as needed. I'm going to go ahead and add an image. So, I'm going to select file library. And I'm going to select Unsplash. And I'll search for fruits and vegetables. And I'll select one of these images for the background of my food journal. Now, it's going to be in the foreground. And you can certainly move it to the back. What I'm going to do is change the opacity so that it's very very light. And I'll change it to about 10. And click okay. Now, if you did want to move it to the background, just click on the ellipses here for that particular image. And I'll select send to back. For the purpose of this tutorial, let's say we're finished with this particular page, customizing it, and we want to clone it to the other pages. All you would do is rightclick on the page and then select clone this page. And we want to say select all and clone. And momentarily, all the pages have been cloned to match page one. Let's say we're finished with the interior of our book. We'll click download and we will select download current project CMK, which is for printed books. When finished, you should see this message that your download will appear in your downloads folder. I'll click okay and I'll check my downloads folder. So in my downloads folder I see the zip file which I've extracted and then once extracted you'll get a PDF, a text file and some other source files. And after opening the PDF this is what my food journal looks like. So I'm thinking instead of having the image in the background looks a little busy. I'd rather have a food related border around the edge and then keep the inside just the journal with the white background. So, if you can't find what you're looking for image-wise in BookBulk, you can certainly import from your computer or from another app. I found a really cool colorful food border in Canva and it was this one here and it was landscape so I just rotated it and made it fit and then I downloaded it as a ping with a transparent background. So, let me show you how to change an image in Bookbolt. So, here I am back to my design. And if you end up coming back to book build another day and it's either logged out or you closed it. Once you log in, just go to projects, my projects, and then it'll list all your different projects. And then you just click open to get back to your design. The first thing I want to do is get rid of the image in the background here. So, here it is here. I'm just going to click on the ellipsus here and then select delete and click okay. And then the next thing I want to do is add the border image. So, I'm going to click on file library. So, I've already uploaded it here, but all you would do is upload image and then select it from your computer. And then once selected, you'll be able to add it to your design. I'm going to go ahead and select food border. And then I want to outstretch that all the way to the edge. And then I want to send it to the background. So, I'm going to click the ellipses for that image and then send to back. Oh, that looks so much better. Next, I'm going to clone it to all the other pages. So to do that I just right click on the page one on the left panel clone this page select all click clone click okay and then momentarily all the other pages are cloned now I'm just going to download this again as CMK okay great and it's finished and I'm going to take a look at the download so here's my finished design I like that a lot better you can see that each and every page is identical now I've returned back to the book bolt dashboard and as I mentioned in a separate tutorial I will explain about the cover converter and book over options. Looking further down in the left panel, we just have a couple more things to go over. The next section is extensions, and KDP Spy is a valuable browser extension tool that allows you to see book stats behind the scenes to help you stay informed and ahead of the competition. Let's take a look. Now, I already have this added as an extension. That's why you see remove from Chrome, but in your case, it will say add to Chrome. So, once installed, you will see the icon listed on the upper right of your browser. And if you don't, you want to click on this little puzzle icon, which is the list of all your extensions. And then you'll see the KDP Spy by Bookbolt. And you'll want to turn that on by clicking on the pin. And then once you do that, you're going to see the icon in your browser. Next, you'll want to swing over to amazon.com. In the Amazon search bar, you'll want to search for a particular phrase for your book idea. I'll go ahead and type in dog training schedule. Now, I can also select guide since it's here and see what happens. And then next, click on the KDP spy icon. At this point, you'll need to log in with your Bookbolt credentials. So, I'll go ahead and do that. Okay. And now, once that I've logged in, you're going to see this popup box here, and you'll want to click start. Now, it is going to continue to search, but you can stop at any time. So, I'll go ahead and click stop. Now, for the books that it found, including the ASIN number, the front cover image, the title, pricing information, bestseller ranking if available. It also shows the average rating, the number of ratings, estimated sales, estimated revenue, author, and so forth. Now, there's going to be particular columns that you're going to be most interested in, including the price, estimated sales, and estimated revenue. Now I'll look through this and see if there are any comparable books based on the idea of the keyword that I entered. You can always change the keyword and try again. You can also click on the top of the column to sort. So I want to see the books with using this keyword phrase that that has the most estimated revenue. I can click on the top of that column to sort by revenue. So, in summary, when creating books on Amazon KDP, it's really important that you know what is selling and what niches are most popular. So, KDP Spy is just one of the many helpful research tools you could find in Book Bolt for selling books on Amazon KDP. I've returned back to the Book Bolt dashboard. And as mentioned earlier, the Book Bolt lister helps you list your books faster on KDP with predefined settings you could use as templates. Now, it's also a browser extension. So if I click on it. So to add it, you would click add to Chrome. Use the same login as your Bookbolt login. Now if you're interested in seeing a separate tutorial on the Book Bolt lister, please leave me a comment below. Let me know in the comments if you're interested in trying Book Bolt and if you have any specific questions. You can also explore the tutorials and live calls here on the Book Bolt dashboard. Remember to use coupon code Amelia 20 to get 20% off. I'll include the link and coupon code below for reference. If you found this video helpful, go ahead and smash the like button and remember to subscribe so you don't miss any new videos. And I'll see you in the next video. Bye now. [music] &gt;&gt; [music]