Last update from the Amazon Tools League this week for the Amazon SEO edition in the keyword research scoring system. We're going to have a look at which tools are currently in October 2025 the best tools for you to actually find new relevant keywords that represent great opportunities for your products. So starting out with the bronze medalist seller sprite cracking the 60 points marker. Then we have merchant words cracking the 70 points marker and therefore getting silver. And finally, we actually have, I believe, four tools in the gold medalist area, cracking the 80 points marker, though data dive slightly at the top with 87 points at this point of time. Right? I'm looking at a whole new set of features. I'm sending it out to all of these tool providers. By the way, I'm doing it all in bulk and with scripts now with the help of, you know, GBT that actually made me capable of doing so. So, I'm hopefully going to get you these updates much more frequently now. And anyway, let's have a look at which features actually combine to bring you these points in the keyword research scoring system. So, of course, some kind of keyword research that happens automatically. You don't even have to do anything. It just researches the keywords for you. That is again one of the features I'm looking for in the future. But uh none of them have that in that sense yet. But anyway, for now, let's have a look at the manual keyword research features. Right, these are all getting points. And uh that's how you can also see why data dive is so high at the top right now with all these features that they cover here, right? including frequent words and phrases that they where they also show the roots, you know, of those keywords. And they pretty much were one of the first ones to really focus on that even though it is such a crucial part and yeah, they do it really well. Yeah. Further on the right here, you see other features that are not going to give points in this particular scoring system, right? It's all about tracking foundation that I made another video about. You can check out who is the best tool for organic keyword ranking tracking, right? And here, by the way, data dive also coming in with new features such as the parent child split or in other words, actually being able to see which variation is currently ranking for those keywords of yours, right? Which can help you determine if you should, you know, maybe shift some budgets to another variation that is actually performing better if the wrong variation is kind of visible in the search results. And another thing that they also show since a couple of months is the search performance report data. Hugely powerful data that shows you among other things the click-through rate of those keywords for your product. So very valuable data. And to combine that within that visibility tracking, super powerful, although not giving them any points in this particular scoring system, right? Because this one is all about keyword research and these yellow features over here. So yeah, if you're simply someone that needs to do keyword research either for your Amazon SEO or it could also be for your Amazon ads of course, then currently data dive just tipping the rest of all the tools, right? And of course I have a discount code for you if that is of interest to you. And additionally to give you some more incentive, I also can offer you a free access to their $497 master class if you get the free trial. So, you don't even have to pay anything regardless if you actually get a plan in the end. If you access via my link and you set up the free trial, you'll get access to that free master class. So, um yeah, saving on $497 can't really hurt, right? So, you definitely want to check that out. And if you want to check out my other Amazon SEO ranking videos about tools that are best for startup brands as well as the tools that are best for keyword tracking, then check out my other videos in my channel. And uh yeah, that's it for this one. I hope you found it useful and I hope to see you around for new scoring systems, for new rankings, including a little teaser here for you, a new completely new pricing management edition and of course especially pricing automation edition so you can finally actually do something with your product prices and not just leave them there as probably most of you are. So yeah, definitely stick around for that one in the future. And yeah, like I said, check out the link below in the description to get that free master class. And yeah, over and out.