All right, welcome back to It's New. Hope all is well. Um, not sure where Greg is. He's probably busy with work stuff. Hope he's doing well. Any event, um, Morty, what do you got for us? &gt;&gt; Wait, are we concerned? Like, do we need like a search party out? &gt;&gt; Right. Search party. &gt;&gt; Morty, should we do a search party in your basement there? Like, you know, like it's &gt;&gt; party, right? I haven't heard party. Greg's missing. Party. Um, &gt;&gt; today I'm um today on Popup video, we're covering a new AI overlays. &gt;&gt; Cool. And I'll be covering AI power configurator rolling out to people in search console and then some weird AdSense bug that might have a bigger impact on you. A new &gt;&gt; Google makes demand gen more AI like what's new, right? &gt;&gt; And if you don't like any of these topics, move over to PPC live right now because there's a live show a live show going on right now, right? Yeah, there's a live show that we're going to do streaming the talks that we had on um February 5th, but also we've got have two of the speakers, Dave Alexander and Neils Rougeman, who are going to um join for live Q&amp;A. So, yeah, get on there if you want to. &gt;&gt; What are we doing here? That's &gt;&gt; good question. All right, at the end of this video, there will be a channel link to the PBC Live channel. So, definitely take a look at that. Um and you could always um catch up over there. Thank you for doing that. All right, so Morty, whenever you're ready. Yeah. So, um, AI overlays. Um, this was something we that Barry Schwarz covered a while ago. I forgot exactly when, but, um, Robbie Stein, yeah, it was Robbie Stein from Google announced that it's here. is when you're hovering over the uh AI overviews and AI mode um and there's a link to a citation the it will pop up with an overlay of the sites that are part of that citation or that area of the of the output rather and you can then go to that to one of those websites. It's just more It seems more clickable the way that it I can't see it yet, but it seems like it would be more clickable, which everyone is hoping for. &gt;&gt; Robbie Stein also added, "Our tests show that this new UI is more engaging, making it easier to get to great content across the web." So, according to the test, it is more clickable. Um, but it has to be. I mean, most SEOs are like, "This should help a lot. It's not going to be the best situation, but it should definitely help get more clicks than less clicks, I would think." So, &gt;&gt; I would think. &gt;&gt; Who knows? Anyway, we have no way of testing that or seeing data because Google will give us that search console data. But Google will give us this new AI powered configuration tool which does not much for you. &gt;&gt; It does nothing. It does nothing. I tried it. It does nothing. &gt;&gt; It does it does something. I shouldn't. It does some things. I've tried it. It will let you do the basic stuff that you could do in by manually clicking on different buttons in the tool. Uh but everybody's asking, "Show me my AI overview data." And Glen Gay posted that. I think Pedro Diaz, show me. And then it was like, well, we can't do that. Of course, you can't do that. Um, that's what it's designed to do. But it's basically there to help you &gt;&gt; for those people who don't know how to click on buttons and just want to talk to Google. It will help you try to figure out a report that might be useful for you. But often it will respond with sorry, I can't help you. &gt;&gt; Basically, any try and pull like show me which queries blah blah blah like to really pull out data. It's like, would you like to see queries over a period of data? Yeah, I could have clicked on that filter. &gt;&gt; It'll get better. Hopefully. Um hopefully. We'll see. But anyway, I think Google released that feature just because I we complained last week that were all these features. Um, so hopefully we'll see more features from Google that they demoed back in December. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Come out soon. &gt;&gt; Um, and then there's this big Google AdSense bug that's been going on for a like a week or so with anchor and vignette ads where when these ads load, there's some people can't actually close the ads. There's supposed to be an X button to close them &gt;&gt; and they're not closing. So Google's telling people to disable these types of ads until they fix it. U meanwhile, as Glen Gay pointed out after I wrote the story that this could cause an issue with Google's algorithms. Like if you can't close ads, that's provides a bad user experience and could cause major issues in terms of your rankings and so forth. And a lot of people who have these don't even notice. Like the people who run these websites, they put them up, they don't really look every day to see if there's an issue. So keep in mind this could be a big issue for you. I would disable those types of ads if you're using AdSense right now on your website um so that you do not um cause other issues not just for your users but also for search which is also a big issue. Yeah. All right. And then um on the other end news yeah sure so um Google is now going to be shifting lookalike um you know audiences um to AI signals in demand gen. So, this is someone that um something that Dario Zenoni um picked up on and um cuz yeah, if you go to the help doc that is all about using lookalike segments to grow your audience. There is now a new alert saying starting March 2026 lookalike segments will default to a suggestion mode for demand genen campaigns in Google ads m meaning that lookalike segments demand genen will evolve from being just um limited to similarity thresholds to audience suggestions. Um so yeah this is a new thing for Jasmine's making it more expansive. It's something that you can opt out of as an advertiser. So yeah, you might want to out opt out on that one. But yeah, lookalike audiences is now going to make it um you know target target more than you realize it's targeting pretty much. &gt;&gt; So keeps going like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're trying to &gt;&gt; Yeah, one one of my kids think Greg looks a lot like Ronaldo. &gt;&gt; Thank you for your input, Morty. That was really useful. But get off this channel, &gt;&gt; go to PBC Live now and watch that. &gt;&gt; Bye. Goodbye.