In today's video, we are going to be doing a full review of Book Bolt and talk about if it is worth it for your Amazon KDP business. Now, for those of you who don't know, I've been selling on Amazon KDP since 2018, and I've spent a lot of time using Book Bolt. In this video, we will talk about all the important things that I would want to know if I was just starting out using Book Bolt, all the things that I've learned about Book Bolt that will actually help you as a beginner. And all of this I'll actually show you on screen recording so you can see real examples as we are talking about it. So guys, without further ado, let's go ahead and get straight into this video. All right, so getting right into this, let's start on the homepage of Book Bolt. For those of you who are brand new to Book Bolt, essentially what Book Bolt is is a full suite of Amazon KDP tools. So first things first, let's talk about how much this tool costs and if there are any discounts. So if you go up to the top here and you click on Pricing, this will bring up their pricing plans. I would say first thing to know is that they have both monthly and yearly. So that will give you a cheaper price if you are paying for the whole year upfront. But the two main plans here are the Newbie plan and the Pro plan. The only difference between these two plans is that only Pro plan you have access to the Puzzle-Creation Software. Now we will talk about this later on in this video, but this is actually the tool that I use the most on Book Bolt. This is to create word searches, crosswords, Sudoku puzzles, all different other types of puzzles as well. And in order to create those puzzles, you do need to have a Pro subscription. Now the Pro subscription does cost a little bit more. It's 9.99 for the Newbie, 19.99 for the Pro. However, a couple important things to know about this is that for both the Newbie and the Pro plan, there's a free three-day free trial. Now what I found out here is that the three-day free trial has full access with unlimited downloads. So you can actually create a lot of books while you're still on the three-day free trial. Now beyond the free trial, when it comes to actually paying for a plan, I do have a personal coupon code that I can share with you guys. It is for 20% off either of these plans, and it lasts a lifetime. I will put a link to that down in the description below if you would like to use it. And I'll have the coupon code up on the screen so you can type it in manually. So guys, now that we've got all of that out of the way, let's go ahead and get into the good part in this video. Get logged in and actually show you how to use this tool. All right, guys, so once you get logged into Book Bolt, this is what the home screen looks like. These are actually specific tutorials for the different features on Book Bolt. So all of these features are over on the left side, that's how you navigate to them. And if you want more details on how to use a specific feature or if you want a deep dive on it, you can watch these tutorials and you can pick up some good pointers. Now with that being said, out of all the tools here, I have found that there are two specific tools that I like the best. I will show you these two tools in this video because they are the two tools that I use by far the most. The other tools are great as well, but for the sake of this tutorial, these two tools are what you need to know. So starting with the first tool over on the left side, just scroll down to Keywords and then click on that and then click on Search. It's the first one. So if you guys have seen this from my other videos, this is the tool that I use to find all of those underserved low competition niches. Essentially, all you do here is you type in the type of book that you are creating. So not necessarily a specific theme of a book, but the overall category. So think logbook, notebook, puzzle book, word search, crossword, all of those you can type into here. Now to help you guys out even more, I will put up a big list of good search terms you can use here. There are more beyond this, but these are just ones that will give you good results. So with that being said, let's type in logbook just to get started. Something else I will say here is that if you type this in logbook with no spaces or word search with no spaces, know that you can always put a space in between it, search that and that will give you different results, so you can get even more results. But let's just start with this initial search here. So we'll go ahead and click on Search. We are then looking at this left side here, Amazon Most Trending. A quick tip I can give you is just click on this 10 and switch it to 100. This makes this list a lot longer so you can pick out ideas a lot faster. So basically what we are looking at here is the behind-the-scenes search data from Amazon. So this is specifically what people are typing into the Amazon search bar. And then on average, how many people are searching for that each month. Guys, this is kind of like a gold mine of information for Amazon KDP sellers. And then there's another step that I'll show you here in a second that tells you how competitive that niche is. So you kind of have everything you need for research all here in one place. Now as you scroll through here, just see if there are any ideas that are interesting to you. There are going to be a ton of ideas that you can ultimately pick from, so you don't have to be using all of these. Now if you scroll all the way to the bottom, you are going to see that there are five different pages of search results. Now, a tip I can give you here is that a lot of people are going to stay on the first or second page. They're just going to have so many niches to go into. So I recommend going to something like the fourth or fifth page. This is just an alphabetical order. So this does not mean that these are less searched terms. You can still see that there are huge markets of people searching here. So with that said, you can scroll through all of these ideas, and anytime you see an idea that you are interested in going into, what I would recommend doing is first making sure that it has over 1,000 people searching for it each month. That just means that there's enough buyers out there. And then all you have to do is click on the heart icon. So for instance here, let's hart a few of these and we'll take 'em into the next step to see how competitive those niches are. So we will start with rv logbook, 3,000 people per month searching for that. Rv travel logbook, that's just another variation of it. We will give a heart to that one as well. This is just saving it into the next step where we need it. And then we've got a couple here, sailboat logbook, 1,700 people, sailing logbook, 2,600 people. As you can see, all of these, which I'm going to heart all of these that are the same, these could be people looking for the same type of book, but they are using different search keywords. So as you can see, some of these are searched more than others. So if you see a grouping like this, just go ahead and heart all of them and we will check to see if a certain version of that search term is less competitive than another one. So it's just going to give us more data. So guys, we've got a couple ideas that we can take into the next step here and figure out how competitive they are. We know that all of these have over a thousand people searching for 'em each month, so that's plenty of buyers out there. And just know that you can heart as many of these as you want to take into that next step. You can even go back and forth, and you can keep adding them to your list. And then once you have enough that you want to go check, you just go back over to Keywords, click on that again. And then instead of Search, we're going to click on Favorites this time. What you will see is that these are the ideas that we have just hearted. They're all listed here in this list. And all we have to do from here is just click on the three lines here and it will pull up the details about this specific niche. So in these details we are looking at just the middle here. This is the competition score. Now this is just like in school. You get an A, if you did very well. You get an F if you did very poorly. And everything in between kind of tells you how well you did. So essentially Book Bolt is researching this niche behind the scenes for us, and it is telling us just very quickly if this is a good niche to go into or not. So based on this letter grade, this is actually a B rating. So an A would be really good. That's where we want to be aiming for. A B means that there are other people that have found this niche and they're starting to sell in it, but it's still pretty good to go into. Now, personally, I'll just tell you what I do here. I stick to the A-rated niches because they are low-hanging fruit on Amazon. There are thousands of these A-rated niches out there. So there's a lot of just easy sales that you can get. The only time that I'm really going into B, C, and I'm really not touching D, E or F is if it's a topic that I just really want to go into. It's something that I'm personally passionate about or something I'm interested in, and I want to create a book in it. So with that being said, I'm actually going to save myself the time of creating this book, an rv logbook, because it's a little bit too competitive for what I'm looking for. So let's X out of this. Let's go ahead and check an rv travel logbook to see if that's any different. So this actually is going to be even more competitive. There's more people creating books on this specific topic. So let's go ahead and X outta that. We are going to skip both of these. Let's now check on sailboat logbook. Okay, so this is our first example of a low-hanging fruit niche. So these are my favorite here. It's A-rated. It means there are very few people competing in this niche. Now you might be a little bit thrown off here. It says No data in related keywords, and it says estimated monthly sales volume is two. Just know that the estimated monthly sales volume is not always accurate. What I found is that it's typically higher than what it says here, and I can actually prove that to you here in another step, which I'll show you here in a second. Real quickly I will say here, I tested this on the channel and I went into an A-rated niche with an estimated one monthly sales volume, and that book pretty quickly started selling something like 20-plus times per month. So with that being said, sailboat logbook, that would be the first one I would be copying here, and I'll be pasting into a list of niches that I want to go into. For the sake of just kind of giving you as much value in this video as possible, we are also going to check sailing, sailor and sailors. We just wanna see if these are more competitive, so we should not use sailing within our listing that we are creating, or if they're just equally as open where we can also use those keywords, or create books that specifically target those niches as well. So let's go ahead and check this one. Sailing logbook, A-rated niche, perfect. So we can use the keywords for sailing in our listing as well, or we can create a second book for it. Let's look at sailor. A-rated niche, perfect. And then sailors is probably going to be the same, so A-rated niche. So with this information, we have basically figured out that we are going to skip the rv logbooks. It's just a little bit too competitive. We are going to create a book or multiple books that are specifically logbooks for sailors. And then these are the keywords that we want to use in our title and subtitle. Guys, this is my process for finding these underserved niches, just all the low-hanging fruit on Amazon. There is a ton of it out there. So I'm happy to share all of this with you guys. And I really hope that you use this process because it's something that not a lot of people know about. Now, as I had mentioned, there are two main tools that I use on Book Bolt. Before we get into the second tool, I do wanna just kind of touch on that estimated monthly sales volume, just to clear that up. As I was mentioning, we don't really look at the one or two estimated monthly sales volume. You kind of wanna disregard that. Just to kind of prove that to you, if you do go to one of the other features here on Book Bolt, you go to the Cloud feature, this is going to pull data directly from Amazon and it's going to give you the averages over the last 30 days. So although this is another great tool that you can use to come up with ideas, all we have to do for this instance is just click on Notebook, switch it to the type of book that we are looking up. We are looking up a logbook, and it is in sailing or sailboat. Let's just type in that, give that a search. And this is going to pull the other competitors in this niche. So you can see we have a captain's log, that's not a sailing logbook, so it's a little bit off topic, that's why it's not matching. Sailing logbook, we've got one right here, boat maintenance logbook, and captain's log. So that's why this is a low-hanging fruit niche because there's only one really good match for it. And the part that I wanted to show you here is that the estimated moving average sales, so this is the average sales over the last 30-day period, is an estimated 169 sales. So that's a lot more than just one or two. So like I said, when you're looking at the competition score, just try not to look at the estimated monthly sales and let that discourage you in any way. So guys, that is the first feature that I really like using on Book Bolt. That is essentially the first part of my Amazon KDP process. That's where I find the niches that I want to go into. Now the second feature on Book Bolt is for actually creating the books themselves. They have a full graphic design suite So once you've found the niches you wanna go into, you can then create the books themselves on Book Bolt as well. So from here we know that we wanna create a sailing logbook. So all we have to do is click on Research, switch it to Create, and then we'll go to the first one that says BookBolt Studio. Okay, and then this will open up their full design suite here. This is where I left off, so yours won't look like this, but this is a great example to show you. This is the front cover, the back cover, these are all of the puzzles within the book itself. This was a word search book. So I was using the puzzle creation tool from the Pro plan to create all of these custom word search puzzles. Now without getting off track here, when you open this up yourself, yours is not going to look like this. You essentially will click on Project and then New Project, and then you can fill out all of this based on what type of book you are creating on Amazon KDP. So for Project Type, you can just leave that on Paperback Cover and Interior. For Project Name, this is just for your internal purposes, so you can name this whatever you want to be able to tell your books apart. Trim Size, you can select what size book you wanna create. Interior and Paper Type, you can select that as well. Bleed, on or off. And then Page Count. Guys, I know we are kind of going through this quickly. If you do want full tutorials on how to do all of this and create these books, I have those other tutorials on the channel. They explain all of this in a lot more detail, but I just wanna give you an overview of this feature. So with that being said, if we wanted to create a book just like this, you click on Create Project, and this is what yours is going to look like when you open it up. So this is your cover design here. And then over on the left side, these are all the thumbnails for the pages on the interior. So when it comes to creating these books, there's really two things we need to do, we need to create the cover and we need to create the inside pages. So first off, since we're already on the inside pages, I'll just show you how to do this. So no matter what type of book you wanna create here, just click on the little puzzle icon here. It's actually called Templates. This will then open up all of these pre-made templates that you can use. You can literally just click on them and use them directly as is in your books. The cool thing about this is that Book Bolt gives you full usage rights to use any of these templates. You can modify them, customize them to be your own, or you can use them as is. these are just line pages at the top, graph paper, different things like that. Then you're going to get into all of their puzzles. All of these are custom puzzles. So this is where I find myself the most. But if you scroll past this, you're going to get into the rest of all of their templates. This would be a good place to kind of say if you have the Newbie plan, you will have access to all of these templates down here, but you won't have access to these puzzle templates. If you have the Pro plan, you just have access to everything. But as you can see, the scroll bar here goes down really far, so there are a ton of templates Something else that I'll say here is that you can customize these templates so you can actually modify them to fit specific niches. So for example, here we are creating a sailing-themed logbook. So let's find a logbook. Let's use this one right here, a fishing logbook. We are going to apply this to all pages. I'm just going to deselect the cover, and then I'm just going to click on Continue to Options and then click on Submit. Now, guys, as I had mentioned, I'm going over this rather quickly. I just wanna show you how these features work. If you want the full detailed tutorials, those will be on the channel. this is a fishing logbook by default. So if we are creating that book, we could use this as is. Since we are doing a sailing logbook, just right click this and do Edit Contents. Now we can switch all of this information. So the layout can stay exactly the same. We can just change the different variables to fit a sailing logbook. Now, if you are going into a niche that you know nothing about, so you don't know what would go into a sailing logbook, you just know that it's a good niche on Amazon KDP, just go over to Amazon KDP and look up the other sailing logbook or logbooks that there are out there and see what the inside of their books look like. This will give you a good idea as to what you should include inside of your book. And you can even do this on Google just to get an idea of what you should be including. So guys, that's half of creating the book already. That's all of the inside pages. Once you customize it on one page, you can duplicate that to every other page and the inside of your book is complete. So that leaves us with the last step here of actually creating our cover. Now this may be confusing to see at first, the red around the border, the barcode, all of the text. Essentially, all you need to know here is that when you are creating a cover for Amazon KDP, stay out of the red, so stay within the dotted green lines. You don't want text to go past that because that will get cut off in printing. And you don't wanna put anything covering where the barcode will go. So you don't want any text or anything down here because the barcode will go on top of it. Guys, that's really all this is telling you here. And in order to turn it off and actually get started creating your cover, you just click on the little opacity button right here and just click on hide cover template. Then click on OK. Now you're ready to start creating your cover. And you can still see these dotted green lines. That's where the red was, so keep all of your designs and everything within those lines. Real quickly here, I will say for any of you who have used other graphic design tools that are not made specifically for Amazon KDP, you will know the struggle of trying to get everything sized perfectly, submitting that to Amazon KDP. They reject your book because it is off by a fraction of an inch, and you have to go back and forth trying to recreate that cover to get the sizing perfect. If you are using a tool like this, everything snaps to the size, it's all made specifically for KDP, so it makes that sizing a lot easier. when it comes to creating your covers, my best advice is to create a couple different covers and use them as templates. Then when you create a new book, whether that's in a totally different category or similar niche or anything like that, you can reuse those templates, change the colors, change the graphic, change the text, and then you just streamlined creating your entire cover. So I'll give you kind of a quick overview here, but you can do all of this with shapes. So I would start with a rectangle. Just click on that, add it to your cover. We'll close this out so we can work with it, drag it all the way past the edges here, drag it all the way over here. This is going to give you a background color for your cover. So if you wanna change this to match the theme of the book you're creating, just click on the black. You can change it to any color you want. These are colors that I've used recently, but you can change this just by dragging around the sliders. You can move it to any different color background that you want. Now you can add text, you can add graphics, you can add puzzles, you can add whatever you want onto these covers. Just to show you some of my personal templates, these are some of those examples. So this is one of them here. It is a word search cover template. This is specifically for hunting, but essentially you would just switch out what this was. It could be for camping, it could be for anything else. And then you just change out the hunting to whatever niche that is, change the colors to match it, and then you've got a cover ready to go. I'll show you another one here. This is a camping-specific crossword puzzle book. This is one of my favorite templates here. And to show you a perfect example of this, I also use this to create a word search book. Now as you can see, these are both camping themed. So I actually left the graphic the same, but I switched the puzzle in the background from a crossword puzzle, and it says crossword, to a word search puzzle, and it says word search. And then I just changed the colors so it's unique. And guys, there you go. That's how quickly you can create another cover. So guys, I have a few other templates that I mainly use, and then I'm just jumping between these templates and customizing them for each new book that I'm creating. Now, there are a couple ways to do this. My favorite way, and probably the easiest way to do this is just to select this entire cover. And as you can see, I'm selecting all the way over the edges. And then we are just going to right click, you're going to copy. Let's go back to the new project that we are creating. And then I'm just going to take this color. Let's just delete that out. And then just right click and paste. And then just like that there is the cover on the book that we are creating. We can then go in and we can edit anything specifically to match the theme of the book that we are creating. Now, guys, the last thing that I think would be important for you to know is that they have a full graphics library in here. So you can get graphics for any niche that you're going into and the graphics are copyright free and commercially usable. If you have started to dig into Amazon KDP or if you've gotten a copyright strike on your account, this is often by using graphics that are copyrighted or not commercially usable. So I get a lot of peace of mind by knowing that the graphics that come from this library are all usable for Amazon KDP. So I thought that that would be something that you would want to know as well. So guys, that is how I use Book Bolt for Amazon KDP. I really enjoy using it, and I think you will as well. As a reminder, the discount code for 20% off, I'll put a link to it down in the description below. And if you guys have any questions at all, just let me know down in the comments. I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you did, please just give it a thumbs up. I would really appreciate that. Otherwise, I'll plan to see you guys all in the next video.