Hello and welcome back to a new video. So today I will show you again free websites and free tools and this time for keyword research and especially for KDP and some tools helped me a lot and a lot and a lot and I will be transparent and I will tell you the the the good things in it and the bad things in it. Even I found this website and it's really good. I will put the link in the description box but also the uh in the first comment. So don't worry I will put everything for you. So the first tool which is the best and h I really love it which is helium 10. So let's just discover it. I will not show you everything. I will just talk about it. Okay. I I don't want to make the video so tall but of course if you want me to do a video separate video for each tool please tell me. So this um tool for me is the best. And now I'm not using just the free version. Now I'm using the paid one. And I will talk to them. I will talk to Helium 10 customer service or whatever. And I will try to get um uh a coupon or whatever discount for you because it's amazing. By the way, guys, I swear to God, the first book that I sold was um uh the keyword was was from here and was from the free version. I swear to God I am talking from the bottom of my heart guys. So that's why I push you to get the not the free version but the paid one because it's amazing. So as it's written here so the limitation is like the daily search limit of course because it's free and the second one is the advanced metrics are or do requires a paid plan and it's amazing guys. I really, really, really want you all to go to this website and check it. Of course, check the free version. It's good. It's easy by the way. You will just enter the word here and then click here to get um the keywords and you will find a table and stuff with every single thing. It's really good for beginners. I even it's written here. Wow, I just just say it said it. So, it's really good for beginners. You will understand a lot of stuff and I don't know. I really like it. Until now I am only working with Helium 10 but of course the paid one. Okay. The second um tool which is keyword tool.io. It's good. It's also very good and especially here what did they wrote? Yeah. It's very good for longtail keywords because now by the way guys I'm not like um looking for as as a KDP seller like when I I don't know create a book I do not like try to find just one keyword. No, I like working with longtail keywords and it is better. So the longtail keywords basically like like this. So a full sentence or something like that. It is very good and also it's Yeah. Yes. That's really nice. Um this website is amazing. They they are writing the right things. So it it helps you to find your title but also the subtitle ideas for your book. So it's amazing. It's really good and especially I use this I used to use it for my so when you publish a book you will write like a small description or whatever. So I really use the free uh or the keywords that I found in it in my uh description. So this is the second one. The third one which is trellis. I don't know how to say it but yeah something like that. It's good. It's it's good honestly and you will find a lot of keywords but also let's just some read what they said like understanding the keyword comp. Yeah. Yes. But honestly I never worked with like competitivity and see the competitors what they are doing because I'm still weak on this. But yeah, if you know how to, it is good for you guys and it has a lot of keywords and uh as I remember like um um it's good like it gives you a lot and a lot of ideas of keywords. So yeah, this is the the best thing in this website but I honestly I didn't use it that much. So the fourth one which is keyword survey everywhere. It is good but I only used it for I think twice and um I don't know why I didn't it didn't work for me. I don't know but it is here they wrote like it's best for quick volume comparison and one p page research. Honestly I didn't use it for that much. So I don't know what to say about this one. Okay guys I told you that I will be honest. So the next one is SEO DT. This one is good. I used to use it but then I don't know why also I stopped using it but it is really really good. It gives you a lot of things. The table that it gives you or the analysis is very very very nice but compared to this one I will not say anything. No but it is good for beginners as they even wrote and you will find good keywords honestly. Yeah it works. It works very well this one. All right the next one I didn't use it. I never used it but I just found it here in this um website. So let's see it together. I think it's the same but let's see what they wrote. Stealing proven keywords and competitive. Okay. Again I have no idea about this guys but I will learn and I will tell you of course but yeah they said it's good so I don't know but for me again this tool is the best. Please come here and use it. just you can you can come to this website again and you will just um press here and you will find it. Okay, it's good. And now as I told you I'm using the the paid version. I forgot about the prices but I will talk to them. I will for sure talk to them and I will get a discount for you guys. It's not that Yeah, by the way I I'm I'm using this but if you want to use this, yeah, why not? Of course, as I told you, I will talk to them and I will get a coupon for you. And yeah, that's it for today. I did my best. I told you about the tools that I know and that I don't know. And I really really really I'm transparent. The the tools that I didn't use, I didn't tell you about it. But yeah, this this is for today. That's it for today. And thank you for watching. Please never forget to do or to put a like and please write anything in the comments. I just want to see people engage with me. Thank you. Bye-bye.