Keyword research is the part everybody over complicates and it's why a lot of books never sell. You don't need advanced tools. They can help. You don't need a ton of spreadsheets to get this right. You just need to know what actually matters before you publish. In this video, I'm sharing three key things to help you understand the power of keyword research when creating books. My name is Jenny. I've been publishing for four years. I've crossed six figures focusing on low content and medium content books. I have two high content. They've maybe made $1,000 out of the six figures. And so I am committed to helping helping that beginner see that self-publishing can be profitable. The most important thing I want to start with is that we need to focus on buyer's intent when we talk about keyword research. Buyer's intent to me is more important than big numbers. And I would prefer to have a small clear search results because I don't have to compete with the 80,000 people that just put the word coloring book on their title. It is too broad for an Amazon customer to know it's for them. So buyer intent is creating books for somebody. When I saw this, it was probably like I don't know just very quickly in my journey. The marketing coincided with this of like, oh, we're creating books for people, not for ourselves. Drop the ego. create books that other people want to buy. Okay. Number two, relevance is more important than competition obsession. So many people get obsessed over well there's no there's no one competing in this area. There's no one, you know, it's like my story about the dirt the turtle diet book. Like if there's zero competition, that usually means there's no demand. So, don't publish stuff in corners of the internet waiting for strangers to come over to it when that's not even what the stranger wants. It goes back to number one, right? Buyer intent. Do not neglect the buyer intent. Do not ignore what's happening in the marketplace if you want to make passive income with self-publishing. If you are focused on always zero competition, that's a misalignment. It's kind of like an obsession. you if it's not bringing you profits, like stop. It's one thing to start a trend, but trends are usually a side step from something that's already working, which is important for you to understand. Okay. Number three is focusing on keywords or customer search terms that are related to each other. There's a lot of people that I see that will slap 12 keywords together on a book and they are they have no connection with each other. That confuses the algorithm. That suppresses visibility. And more importantly, it's a bad customer experience because you're basically keyword spamming your book. There's a better way. And the better way is to be specific in what you want to rank. Think of the keyword phrase that would be great if your book came up first for it and focus on that instead of grabbing 15 to 20 really popular keywords and throwing them on your book and then hoping one takes off. Okay, we want to give a clear signal to Amazon's algorithm that we know who this book is for, right? We are staying very relevant and not focused on the zero competition spaces that don't make money. And then thirdly, we are focused on keywords that are going to help our book and not hurt our book. We're not grabbing a bunch of keywords that have 60,000 search results a month and they have nothing to do with each other. I see that all the time on books because I'm constantly researching for my students. So with these three things, buyer intent, relevance, and focusing on a longtail keyword for your book to have it all of its branding around, I know that if you implement these, it will help you. I have a free training coming up. I'll put a I'll put a link below. If you need any help, please drop it in the comments. I'm always loving the questions you ask. It helps all of our students and our audience and our family, like our self-pub family, grow and make more passive income. I love you. I'm cheering for you. If you don't quit, you can't lose. And I will see you in the next video. Peace out.