You know in the process of creation of a book it's crucial to get the information from a market. It's really important to get what good and what bad in a competitor's books. Normally it's took uh tens of minutes sometimes hours to collect the reviews from the competitor's Amazon's books because you need to flip page by page copy all reviews paste it to your file. Flip the page, copy reviews, paste in your file and because it's lot of different information around for example advertisement of different books, offers from Amazon for different goods, you cannot copy and paste the only necessary information in one click until now. And now royalty guild offer you a royalty guild review collector. It's a chrome extension which help you to get the review from the Amazon books almost in a few clicks. First you collect the reviews in one click in a temporary storage. You collect the review from the up to the 10 pages because Amazon show you only 100 reviews per book and next you download it as a CSV file to analyze it with a language model of your choice. I will put a link uh in the description but you can just visit Chrome web store search for royalty guilt review collector and you will find the extension. Now let me show how it's work. First we click on the number of reviews and scroll down to the see more reviews to show only reviews on the page. And now we have a two options. First option we can just choose the five star review or choose the fourst star review or three star review or we can collect the all reviews which we can see on this page. And now we click on extension and pushing the button collect this page reviews. All 10 reviews on this page is collected to temporary storage. We can press the next page again. Extension collect page reviews 10 reviews more collected and next page extension collect and next page extension collect and next page. And as soon as we collect enough reviews, we can download it as a CSV. We push a download and we save it as a file with the ASIN and reviews CSV. It is really that simple. Just a few clicks and you have all necessary reviews collected without any garbage around it in one simple CSV file which is understandable by the language models. So don't forget to press subscribe because there are a lot of such small but useful tricks and tips in the pipeline. Join the royalty guild, subscribe to the channel and see you in the next video.