Are you struggling to find the correct keywords with your Amazon KDP books? And not only that, when you do find the correct keywords, are you struggling to get them to convert inside your Amazon ads? Don't worry, I've been there before. I've literally wasted over $45,000 on wasted ad spend on Amazon KDP ads. And I'm going to show you exactly what I've learned. And I've tested this new strategy with my clients. I work with over a hundred clients one-on-one with their Amazon ads to help them scale. And this strategy works. Let me show you exactly how I helped my clients scale to their first thousand dollars a month and even get them to 15K a month in revenue with one book. Now, the good thing is you don't have to waste 45K on Amazon ads. I wasted it for you. Don't worry about it. You don't have to spend a single dollar. You just have to watch this video and apply what I say and you can see the results. Now, again, you can watch this video, not apply anything, and just continue living the life that you're living. But anyway, when a new client comes to me and they say, "Hey, Barry, I'm struggling with my keywords. I'm struggling with my Amazon ads." The first thing that I do, the first thing that I ask or not even ask, I try to analyze it myself is the book's maturity level. Now, what does this mean? The book's maturity level. Every book is at a different maturity level. Let me see if I can spell maturity right. What does this mean? This mean how long has your book been alive? So, how long has your book been published? And also, how strong is your book listing? That's in terms of sales data. How much does Amazon know? How friendly is the algorithm towards your book? a lot of things behind the scenes. If your book is just brand new, okay, so your book is completely brand new and you just launched it. Guess what? It's at the worst stage in its publishing journey that it could possibly be. This is the worst your book is ever going to be during launch. Why is that? Well, let's say we launch our book with 30 reviews. Okay, we launch our book with 30 reviews. Great. This should be the lowest amount of reviews we're ever going to have for our book because we just launched our book. There's why would we have more reviews if we just launched our book. Afterwards, when we start getting more sales and we're getting more data and things and we actually make our Amazon ads correct, then we can start getting more and more reviews. So, the maturity of our book will increase. Now, if you're just launching a book, then you're at a baby maturity level. Your book is still a baby. Okay? You can't expect much from a baby. Baby doesn't know anything. You still have to teach things to a baby. They still have to go through the process of learning. They don't even know how to walk here. So your launched book is at the same stage. Now obviously every book performs differently at different stages. However, when you're at the launch stage, this is where you can judge your book the least. What do I mean by this? We're we're at the launch stage, right? So we have the lowest amount of sales data or basically we have no sales data, which is not the best thing in the world. I mean, Amazon likes sales data and we need sales data so we can scale with our book. But also, we don't know the weaknesses of our book. Again, we don't have any data to tell us what's weak about our book. But we also don't have any data to tell us what's strong about our book. So, what's good about our book? We have no idea. Great. So, now what happens once our book actually starts gathering data? Well, in 60 days time, let's say, we obviously have a much stronger listing and we have a better book overall and we have more data to see and analyze. So, when 60 days pass, now you're probably thinking, what does this have to do with keywords? Don't worry, calm down. We'll get there. We're trying to run a business. Not everything is as simple as it seems. So bear with me. But the first 60 days now, are we going to have 30 reviews? Probably not. I mean, we're probably getting reviews. We're probably using websites to get reviews, build a stronger listing, have more trust with our book. So right now, from 30 reviews, we might have around 70 reviews. Great. So now, is our book listing stronger or weaker? With 70 reviews? Our book listing is stronger. Now, because our book listing is stronger, conversion rates increasing, all the good things. But guess what? We now also have 60 days worth of data. During the launch, we just launched our book. If we launched it 2 days ago, we don't have any sales data or we got 2 days of data. It's nothing. But right now, we have 60 days of data. So, we have 60 days of data, more reviews, we have a stronger listing, and obviously we have more data. So, now that we have data, what can we do? Well, we can analyze and we can optimize. Now, what can we optimize? First of all, we can optimize the ads. So, all the biddings and all of that, I'm not going to go super deep into ads right now, but that's for later on in the video. Well, we're going to optimize the ads, but then we can also optimize our book cover. So, after we look at the clickthrough rate on the ads according to the search terms, the keywords that we put, then we can look at the cover, see what needs to be improved, and we can also look at our conversion rate as well, which is all our A+ content, reviews, and things like that. Obviously, conversion rate is going to increase because we increased our reviews. But again, we can make our A+ content better. When we get the reviews, we can analyze the reviews to see what customers like and then we can see that thing that customers like and make sure we show it in the A+ content. Things like that. We're doing optimizations to have a stronger book listing and then to gather more sales data. So great, now our book is even stronger. So it should perform even better. However, personally, I don't judge a book until it reaches 100 reviews. That's when I can say, "Okay, this is at a better maturity level." Cuz right here is a baby. It's basically nothing. And right here, it's a teenager. Okay, still can know some things, but not quite there yet. It's a little bit inconsistent. It's very, very volatile still. But again, it's because it's not strong yet. It's not mature yet. So, what happens when it does become mature? Well, this is actually very simple. Our book should have around 100 reviews. That's that's what I count as a mature book. Might be different for you. Obviously, it's different for every niche because some niches only have books with like 50 reviews. Like the best seller has 50 reviews. If you get 60 reviews, I mean, you're already the top guy there. So, it really does depend on your niche. But for most niches, 100 reviews is a good maturity level right here. You're strong. You can compete in your marketplace. Your book listing is strong. everything is better. Now, usually it takes me around 90 days since launch for me to get 100 reviews for my book. And that's what my clients do as well. Usually, it takes them 90 days to get 100 reviews. Why is that? Because we launch with 30 reviews. Now, by the way, I have my own launch strategy. You can go find the YouTube video that I have on my channel. Go look at my launch strategy. If you're part of the school community, then inside the community, I have a specific ad as masterass inside my program. If you go watch that master class, not as masterclass, a book launch master class, I show you exactly how I launch my book and what you can expect month after month when launching your book. So I launch with 30 reviews and then every single month, let's say I get around 20 reviews from book review websites. So only 20. I launch with 30. In the first 30 days, I get 20. 60 days, I get another 20. And then 90 days, I get another 20. So right here, I got 60 + 30, which is the original one. 6 7 8 9. So now we have 90. And then let's say I get 10 organic reviews as well because my book has been up for 90 days and I've been pushing ads and I've been pushing everything. So right now I'm going to have 100 reviews roughly. It might take 95 days to get 100 reviews. It might take 100 days. It's all up to you. It's all up to the amount of effort. And there's other things you can do on the back end as well. But right now I'm assuming you don't have email list to get reviews. I'm assuming you don't have any of the outside marketing to gather your reviews. Now that our book listing is very very strong. First of all, now there's so many things that happen here, by the way. So many things that happen here that cause our Amazon ads to perform better and our keywords to perform better. First of all, you have a higher click-through rate. Now, what's your clickthrough rate? The amount of clicks or the percentage the percentage of clicks that you get after someone looks at your book on on Amazon. So, someone searches your book, search results, power book is there, if they click on it, great. That's your clickthrough rate. So, if 100 people look at your book on Amazon, one person clicks, that's a 1% clickthrough rate, I think. I'm not the best at math, but I'm guessing it's 1%. But anyway, you have a higher clickthrough rate. Why do you have a higher clickthrough rate? Because you were able to optimize your book cover right here. And you can also optimize your book cover here. Now, I know what you're asking, Barry. When do I optimize my book cover? How do I know if I should optimize my book cover? Again, you can't know until you get data. Once you gather the data, then you can compare it and see, hey, could I be doing better? Now, obviously, if you understand design principles as well, and I share my 12 design principles in my program, if you understand those, you're going to instantly be able to see how to optimize your book cover. And best part is, you don't even have to be a design. They're kind of like optical illusions. If you just know what you're looking for, then you know how to optimize your book. But anyway, we have a higher clickthrough rate. Not only do we have a higher clickthrough rate, but what else do we have that's higher? We have a higher conversion rate. Why is that? First of all, because we optimized before, but also because now we have 100 reviews. Now we have 90 days worth of sales data. Now because our book is mature, we're going to have a higher conversion rate. Good. Good. Now what else is higher? Because it's not just about the clickthrough rate and conversion rate. Another thing that's higher is our profit. Why is our profit higher? Because usually when we launch, again, just like I have my launch master class in the in the program, when we launch, we want to launch with a low price. Now, I show you inside how to find your price. I'm not going to get too deep into this video, but when we launch, we launch at a lower price. And then as our book gains more maturity and an increase in clickthrough rate and conversion rate because of the reviews and the sales data, then we can slowly increase our price. If we're selling a book at $12.99 over here, when it's at 100 reviews, we might be selling it at $16.99. So obviously that extra $4 right here is going to bring us more profit. So we get more profit in the 90 days. Great. Is it just that? No. We get so many more things. So many more things. Not only do we get a lower A cost, obviously we get a lower A cost because we have more profit and we have a higher conversion rate, high everything is just higher. So obviously our A cost is going to go lower, but we also have higher ranking. Now why is that? During launch, your book is not going to rank number one in the first day. Why? Because you know why? We don't have any sales data. Our book isn't optimized correctly. The optimization, we might not need the optimization. The book cover might be good from the start. The conversion rate might be good from the start, but when we're launching, we don't have sales data. Amazon doesn't have any data to prove that your book is working or will continue to work in the future. Once it does during the first 90 days, once it becomes mature and your book listing is strong, then you're going to start ranking higher. That means you're getting more organic sales, which is absolutely amazing. So, you're ranking higher. And then finally, you have more indexing power. What does this mean? This is where the keywords come in. You have indexing power right here. This is one of the most important things. Now, in order for me to explain indexing power, I'm going to have to rub all of this. So, if you're writing notes, make sure you write it down. I'm going to take all of this away. Okay. So, right here we have 30 reviews. And then now we want to talk about indexing power. So, here's how indexing works on Amazon. Indexing basically means what keywords are associated to your book on Amazon. That's all indexing means. So, if we have keyword one, keyword two, and keyword three, okay? And then you have your book over here, your book will have a list of index keywords. So keywords that your book can show up for. If number one is indexed for your book, great, you can show up for this keyword. If number two is indexed for your book is this one here, let's say, and number one is this one here, great, you can index for that keyword, you can show up for that keyword and get a sale. If number three isn't indexed for your book, you will never ever ever show up for this keyword. You cannot show up for this keyword. So, if you're selling a dinosaur encyclopedia book for kids and your book isn't indexed for dinosaur encyclopedia book for kids, you're never going to show up for it. So, first we need to be indexed. Now, here's exactly how indexing works. So, Amazon's going to pick a keyword. Let's say we have flower book. So, we are indexed for the keyword flower book. Now, this keyword basically means any flower book. It can literally be any flower book you could think about. Now, when I give you the word flower book, it can be a coloring book. It can be how to cook with flowers. It can be how to plant flowers and grow flowers. It can be a flower encyclopedia. It can be so many different flower books. Now, Amazon doesn't know what flower book it is. So, what it's going to do is it's going to test it with a bunch of different versions of this keyword. So, flower book for beginners. Let's say I'm going to write this super rough over here just so you guys could understand. But let's say it's going to test out flowerbook for beginners. It's going to test cookbook. I don't even know if flowerbook cookbooks exist, but let's just say for the example. Then it's going to test flower book for kids. And then it might test flower book encyclopedia. So now you are indexed for these four keywords. Great. Well, five because you're indexed for this and then because Amazon shows you for this, it will start indexing you for this. So now your indexing power increases. Now what's going to happen is Amazon's going to start testing your book, showing your book and then see what keywords are going to get the sale. Now if flowerbook for beginner doesn't get a sale, cookbook doesn't get a sale, for kids doesn't get a sale, but encyclopedia gets two sales. Now, just from that, what book do you think we're selling? Obviously, an encyclopedia one, right? Because obviously you got a sale. It's not going to it's not going to get a sale if it's not appropriate for the audience. That's essentially the broadest, most beginner friendly version of how the algorithm works. Obviously, it gets much deeper and a lot more complicated than that, but we don't have time to explain the algorithm in this video. But anyway, that's that's essentially how it works. So, here's the thing. what most gurus are teaching and that it didn't work for me. I I I can't tell you if they're doing it wrong or I I can't judge them, but I'm just saying it hasn't worked for me. It hasn't worked for my clients. What worked for my clients and for me is my strategy that I use. And this is it. What most gurus are teaching is target loads of keywords during launch. Why? Because hey, you're launching your book. You want to you want to show it in front of all these people, right? Well, not not quite. We have all of these keywords, right? Let's say we have a 100 keywords right here that we're indexed for. Okay, we're giving Amazon a 100 keywords to index us for during the launch of our book. Now, what is the maturity level of the book during launch? It's a baby. Now, is this where it's at its strongest? No. So, how well is a baby going to perform against 100 keywords? Probably not very good. So, what I like to do is, oh, by the way, they teach you to do hundreds of keywords and then when you start wasting your money on ads, you can start eliminating the keywords that aren't bringing in sales and start keeping the ones that are. But what what ends up happening is I don't know if you can understand from this illustration, but what ends up happening is that you start wasting all these money or all your money on the keywords that don't bring in sales, which is not the point of ads. Instead of starting with hundreds of keywords and let's say so out of the 120 don't bring uh sales so you eliminate them and now you have 80 keywords and then from these 30 don't bring the sales. Okay? So now you're eliminating them and now you have 50 and then from these 50 25 don't bring the sales. Great. Now you're left with the 25 best keywords that are actually bringing you sales. But you wasted all this money, all this money and all this money. Guess what my strategy is? Guess what actually works? The exact the exact opposite. Okay. Okay. So, what's the exact opposite? Well, obviously, okay, obviously when your book is just in its launch period, it's a baby. So, what do we want to do? We want to select very, very, very specific keywords, okay, that are going to make it easy for Amazon to bring us sales, okay? These are relevant keywords. Don't worry, I'm going to get more deep into it. I promise you, but just stick with me so you understand this. Now, we want to give it very, very specific keywords. Once we give it the specific keywords, guess what's going to happen when we start throwing money on these keywords? Are they going to convert or not? They're not going to convert amazingly well because our book is still in the baby stage, but it's going to convert better than hundreds of keywords. So, let's say we give it 20 keywords. Now, these keywords are going to be very, very accurate and I'll show you what keywords to pick. Don't worry. But then once we start targeting these 20 keywords, what happens? Amazon is going to see what works and what doesn't work. And then it's going to start expanding our reach towards ba based on the keywords that worked. Not towards based on the keywords that work. So from 20 keywords in during the baby stage once our book becomes a teenager we're now ranking for 60 keywords. Now most of these keywords are actually bringing in sales because the only reason Amazon will expand us is if our book actually works as if the keywords actually work. And then as you go and your book becomes stronger and stronger your indexing power gets stronger and stronger. And now when you are targeting hundreds of keywords you're actually profitable doing it. You're doing it profitably. You're not doing it during the launch when it's basically impossible for you to make a lot of money during launch. Not impossible. It's just very, very hard. And obviously, it's just much easier over here. I mean, anyone anyone who's been doing KDP for a while knows it's much easier to sell a book with 100 reviews than it is to sell a book at 30 reviews. But Barry, there's other things. I know. I know. But I'm just saying, we take me and you publish a book and we take the exact same niche. We have the exact same book, very, very similar book cover. But if you have 100 reviews and I have 30 reviews, you're way more likely to sell. That's just statistically proven. That's the whole point of having reviews. Now, are there exceptions and anomalies to to this? Of course, there's exceptions and anomalies to everything. But what are we going to do now? Enough enough talking about the the process. Let's actually talk about the keywords. What keywords do we pick in order to stop wasting money on ads essentially? And the last thing I want you guys to do is actually waste 45k on ads. So, how are we going to pick the keywords? Let me take this away. Now, just like I explained before, if we give Amazon a keyword, let's say flower book, what Amazon is going to do is it's going to start testing this keyword with other longer keywords to see basically what your book is about, especially during the launch. So, we're going to give Amazon the flower book keyword. It's going to test flower book encyclopedia. By the way, I'm not writing the whole keyword, but this is what it's going to test. Flower book encyclopedia. It might test flower book for beginners. It might test flower book coloring book. Now guess what Amazon is looking for at this stage. Amazon is looking for clickthrough rate, conversion rate, and obviously sales and all of that. So it's looking for sales data. Now let's say we're not getting any sales data from coloring book because we're not selling a coloring book. We're actually selling an encyclopedia. So it's just a book where if you open it, it's just a bunch of flowers, where do the flowers originate from? How to how do you pick the best soil for the flowers? I don't know. I don't know how to make a encyclopedia flower book, but there's going to be a lot of information inside it. So it's going to be an encyclopedia. So it's not a coning book. So when Amazon tests it, we don't get any sales. And for beginners, we might get three sales. And therefore, encyclopedia, we might get eight sales. So now Amazon knows, hey, it's not a coloring book. It might be appropriate for beginners, but it's definitely an encyclopedia book. This is how Amazon thinks. So guess what Amazon's going to do next. Do you think it's going to start showing you for more coloring book keywords? Probably not, because Amazon is smart. Doesn't want to waste money. It wants to make as many sales as possible. And if it hasn't made sales for coloring book, it's not going to push your book even more for sales that it hasn't made. But what it is going to do is it's going to start pushing your book for these keywords here. So encyclopedia and for beginners. And here's what it's going to do. It's going to test out flower book for beginners. Great. Now it might say, okay, but is this for kids? And then it's going to wait and see. Oh, you got one sale from this. It might not be super appropriate for kids because you got three for beginners and one for kids. So we'll test out for kids and then we'll also test out for adults. Did you get any sales here? Oh, you got five sales. Okay, so it looks like this book is a flower book for beginners for adults, but it might not be appropriate for kids. Now, encyclopedia since for adults works and for beginners works, let's test out encyclopedia for beginners and then encyclopedia for adults. I'm not going to write it, but you guys know what I'm writing now for beginners. Now, you might get 12 sales for this and you might get 17 sales for adults. Well, guess what's happening now? Now, Amazon is understanding what your book is about based on the keywords you give it. Now, here's the thing. This is a very very basic example and what happens is if we give Amazon this flower book keyword then is forced to spread it out and go target you for keywords that are irrelevant. Okay. So now if we spend money on ads on coloring book keywords even though we're not selling a coloring book. Do you think you're going to make money or lose money? You're probably going to lose money because you're telling Amazon Amazon spend my money on keywords that aren't appropriate for my book. They're not going to bring in sales because it's not for my book. So what are we going to do? This is my strategy that works best. I've tested this with clients. I've seen them reach over $1,000 a month, their first $1,000 a month just using this strategy alone. Their books were already good. It's just they didn't get the Amazon ads right. So, this strategy can definitely help you. I'll show you exactly what to do. So, we want to start with the most relevant hypertargeted keywords. If I tell you which one's more hyperargeted, flower book or flower book encyclopedia for beginners, obviously flower book encyclopedia for beginners is way more accurate. now because it's way more accurate. It's more not appropriate, but it's more likely for someone to buy your encyclopedia book for beginners if they're searching for flower book encyclopedia book for beginners. The first initial keywords that we give Amazon when it comes to our ads, depending on our maturity level of our book and the sales data that it has, we want to give it hyperargeted keywords. Now, if you mess up your ads and they're not working appropriately, but you still have data, this can also still work. This also works for older books. This also works for books that have been dead for a year. This also books this also works for books that haven't had ads yet. So I had a book I had a lot of ads on it. It was making money and then I stopped all the ads, let it run for like two months without ads. Retested this and it's still working just fine. These are like 20,000 ABSR in the first 4 days. So this can restart your ads. This definitely helps. And obviously I'm not just saying with that one example. I've tested this hundreds of times. I'm bored of testing this now. It just works so well. We start with the hyperargeted keywords. Why? Because we're going to waste less money. We're not going to waste money because we're only spending money on keywords that are actually going to bring us sales. And then as Amazon increases the indexing by itself and with our help as well, we can increase our indexing so we show up in more and more places make more and more sales as our book gets stronger and stronger because here it's going to be a baby book, then it's going to be a teenager and then it's going to be mature enough to actually start targeting these broader keywords. So first we target the hyperargeted ones and then as our book listing gets stronger and stronger and more reviews and better A+ content, better book cover, better interior. As we keep improving it, that's where we keep broadening our search and expanding our reach. We're not going to target or we're not going to compete with the broader books if our book isn't ready to compete with the broader books or the broader keywords. Now, what keywords do we pick? Well, there's two type of keywords that we can pick. Which one should you? Let me just show you right now. just takes a takes a little while to clean this board. Okay, so there's essentially two type of keywords. Well, there might be more, but for me right now there's just two types of keywords. Now, when you're selecting a keyword, what do most publishers do? Now, I I can't tell you what you do because I'm I don't know who you are to be honest. I don't know what level you're at. But when you're targeting a keyword or when you're deciding what keyword to target, what do you look at? What most publishers look at is they go on their their little fancy software. Oh, I bought this software so now I can do my keyword research. So, they buy their little fancy software and then they're looking at search volume. This is what most people are focused on. Now, I understand why. Don't worry, I'm I'm not dissing anyone. Search volume is important as well. But what does search volume tell you? The only thing search volume tells you is that this keyword that you picked has traffic. So, this is what most people are chasing. So, they go on their fancy software. Everyone's using the same software. Everyone's looking at the same keywords, waiting for the same green light that says, "Hey, this key was good. You should use it." But anyway, I'm not here to make fun of anyone, but everyone's looking at search volume. Now, search volume is really not that important. Now, I know a lot of people going to say, "Barry, you don't know what the I'm not going to swear. Barry, you don't know what you're talking about." A lot of people going to say, "Barry, you don't know what you're talking about. Search volume is super important." And hey, I get it. I get it. I don't know what I'm talking about. I haven't worked with hundreds of people. I haven't made money myself. I haven't spoken to other publishers that are making doing big numbers. I don't know what I'm talking about. But when it comes to search volume, the only thing search volume tells you is traffic. Is traffic important? Not the most important thing. Let me explain why. Let me explain why before you start dissing me and putting negative comments. So, how does someone essentially search on Amazon? Well, it's very simple. Let's say we're still sticking with a flower book. So, when someone goes on Amazon, you're looking for a flower book. Or let's let's use me as an example. I'm looking for a flower book. Great. I'm on Amazon. I'm going to type in flower book. Correct. Correct. Why? because I am lazy. Okay, I don't know what exactly what flower book I'm looking for. I'm just going to put flower book and hopefully the one that I'm looking for is going to pop up. So, flower book. This is probably what everyone is searching for. And guess what? This has search volume. Great. Now, I searched flower book and I realized, hey, my the book that I'm looking for is not here. It's just a bunch of flower coloring books. I don't want a coloring book. I want uh a book for beginners. Now, I'm going to add to my search flower book for beginners. Is this how you spell beginner? Anastasia, how do you spell beginners? Beginners? Yeah. B E G. Yeah. N E R S. I think you missed out the I Okay. I don't know if it's double G or double N. Oh, double N. Double N. Beginners. See, I wrote it too many times. I don't even know. So, I'm going to search Flower Book for beginners. Great. Now, I'm starting to figure out some of the books, but some kid books are popping up. I'm not a kid. I'm a fully grown adult man and I want to buy a fully grown adult man flower book. Don't know if that's appropriate, but anyway. So, we're going to do flower book. I'm going to take away four beginners because a bunch of kid one comes up. So, I'm going to delete this. Delete. Delete. And I'm going to go uh flower book encyclopedia. That's what I'm actually looking for. Great. Perfect. So, now I search flower book encyclopedia. And I see a bunch of encyclopedias and I'm trying to find ones that I like. But then, guess what? Some kid encyclopedias come up as well. So, I finish off my search with Flower Book Encyclopedia for adults. This way, I'm not being shown any kids books because I'm not looking for a kid book. This way, I'm not being shown any coloring books cuz I'm not looking for a coloring book. This way, I'm finding only the book I'm actually looking for. And then when I find the book I'm looking for, guess what I do? I buy the book. Now, very, very, very important question. Okay, when did I buy the book? What keyword did I use to buy the book? Did I use the highest search volume keyword to buy the book or did I use the most relevant keyword to buy the book? I used the most relevant keyword to buy the book, not the one with the most amount of search volume. Obviously, it has the most amount of search volume because it's the broadest version of a keyword possible. However, this keyword is the important keywords that we need to target. These keywords are called buyer intent keywords. That means that the person writing the keyword is ready to buy your book. A person writing flower book is not 100% ready to buy your book. They're not 100% committed. They can still buy the book. I'm not saying everyone that searches flower book, no one's ever going to buy your book searching flower book. You're never going to make a sale by someone searching flower book. That's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is these keywords here, these longer tail keywords that are more accurate, these are buyer intent keywords. These are what we want to target at the start. So, when it comes to buyer intent keywords, what are the chances if you're selling a flower book encyclopedia for adults, okay, and someone searches flower book encyclopedia for adults, what are the chances they're not going to buy your book? The only chance they're not going to buy your book is if your book is terrible. Only chance. That's it. You have nothing else to worry about. However, if you're targeting these keywords, the chance that they're not going to buy your book is very high because you don't even know if they're looking for your book. Right here, you know 100% they're looking for your book. It's just your book not might not be good yet, which is why we optimize it later on during the when it's in its teenage phase. Okay, great. Great. So now we know what keywords we're going to target. We're targeting longtail buyer intent keywords. That means exactly what our book is about and who it's for. We're not targeting broad search volume keywords because a random software told us to and we're robot robots just listening to random software. This is what everyone does, by the way. And by the way, you don't need any software to make money. You can use software. It can be helpful. It can it can give you a little bit more time. It makes everything a little bit more organized. However, you don't need software. I publish multiple books without any software and they're still making $1,000 a month. Net profit. No software needed. Don't need research software. Don't need keyword research software. Now, these buyer intent keywords might not always have the most amount of traffic. Sometimes they might not even have traffic at all. But it's good to target them because even if I give Amazon this keyword, guess what else it's going to do? It's going to increase my indexing power again. So, it's going to test for adults. It's going to test for seniors. It's going to test for other things. It's going to test encyclopedia in a different way. It's going to test flower book in a different way. So maybe it's like rose book encyclopedia for adults and I start competing. So again, it's still going to test your indexing thing. It's just right here. You're giving it very very very very broad keywords. So you're basically telling Amazon Amazon, please waste my money on ads. Exactly what you're telling it. You don't want to waste money on ads. You want to actually make money on ads. They might not be the most highest traffic keywords, but guess what they are? They're high converting keywords. And because they're high converting keywords, this is the important part when it comes to picking your keywords, converting, not traffic, converting. Because guess what Amazon really cares about? If your book makes sales or not. Another word for sales is conversions. Does your book convert customers? Well, convert shopper into customer. If it does that, then great. You are making Amazon money. And because you and your book are making Amazon money, Amazon will want to promote your book even more. Now, Amazon loves two things, two very important things that Amazon loves. Amazon loves relevancy. Correct. Correct. Because if your book isn't very relevant, it's going to be low converting. No one's going to buy it. If I'm if I'm selling a flower book in adults and then someone is searching flower book for kids, uh, how to plant flowers or flower book cookbook or something that's irrelevant, obviously, they're not going to buy. So, Amazon cares about relevancy. And then the second thing Amazon cares about is performance. How is your book performing against your competitors? How is your clickthrough rate? So, is your book cover better than theirs? Are you getting in more clicks? Are you converting more customers than them? That's the only thing Amazon cares about. Is your book relevant? And then how is it performing against your competitors? If you're performing better and you're more relevant, obviously you're giving Amazon the relevant keywords. You're a human. You know what's relevant, what's not relevant. verb. If you're relevant and your book is performing good because it's good and also because it's at the correct stage in the maturity level just like we talked about, then Amazon are going to promote your book even further. You're just going to keep making more and more money and then your ads are actually going to work. Cuz anything else to talk about? Well, there's loads of I could sit here for like 3 hours and talk about it, but I think I think I think we're good for now. There is there is one more thing to talk about. Let's go. Okay, one one final thing to talk about before we go. Keywords when you're running Amazon ads. I'll just put keywords ads. Okay, this is the exact journey of a keyword on Amazon ads. So, why do we run Amazon ads? Why do we target keywords inside Amazon ads? Very, very simple. I'm going to make the the answer very easy for you. It's all about exposure. Okay, the only purpose of Amazon ads is exposure. It's not for you to make more money. Your Amazon ads are not going to fix your book. They're simply to expose your book to more people, to more eyeballs. Now, if your book is good, your ads will perform great. If your book is bad, your ads will not perform good because your ads responsibility is just to show you in front of more people. If your book is good and you show it to more people, you get more sales. If your book is bad and you show it to more people, you just still continue not making sales because your book is bad. So, your ads are not going to fix your book. Your book is the main problem always. Your ads are simply a reflection of your book. But anyway, it's all about exposure. So, you're going to have the the wrong people and you're going to have the right people. Okay? So, you can expose it to the wrong people. So, completely irrelevant. No one cares about your book. They're searching for dinosaur books and you have a flower book. And then you can promote it and expose your book to the right people as well. Let's say you target a keyword in Amazon ads and that exposes your book to the wrong target audience, the wrong people. What's going to happen? Well, first of all, if it's completely irrelevant, then your book is probably going to stop indexing for that keyword because Amazon knows it's irrelevant. If it's a little bit irrelevant, then you might get a sale. Actually, basically very hard for you to get a sale. It's the wrong audience. So, I'm going to say zero sales. Okay. So, that means low ranking as well. Basically, nothing. You're non-existent for this keyword. What if it's the wrong person, but it does get a sale because I don't know, maybe you got lucky. Well, great. The maximum thing that can happen is you get a low ranking. So, you're ranking very, very, very, very low. Maybe on page two, maybe on page three. Why? Because it's the wrong target audience. It's not people looking for your book. You're trying to sell ice to an Eskimo. Is that the I don't know if that's the appropriate thing, but anyway, you're trying to sell water to an alcoholic. You get me? Let's Let's just say that you're trying to sell water to an alcoholic right here. He's not going to drink your water. But if you give him vodka, he's gonna Oh, he's going to down that vodka straight away. So, we want to expose our books to the right target audience. Now, if we pick the right keywords, just like I said before, those longtail keywords, the relevant ones, if we target the right people, there's only two things that can happen. The right people, it might bring us huge sales because our book is relevant. Again, I'm assuming our book is good. If your book is not good, none of this is going to work. It doesn't matter. Your book has to be good. They know that you're a publisher. You're selling a product. People are buying your product. You want to give them a good product. If you're giving them a good product and you're exposing your book to the right audience, great. If not a lot of them buy, then you're simply going to have a low ranking. But you can still collect some organic sales from this. Now, if you sell it to the right audience and your book is good, then worst case scenario is you get a high ranking and you get more sales and you get more organic. If you expose your book and you give Amazon ads the wrong keywords, worst case scenario is you start wasting money on ads because you're literally spending money on keywords that are not going to convert your book. Then if you're spending money on on keywords that aren't going to convert your book, but you still get some sales, you're only getting low ranking sales anyway because again, the keywords is not appropriate. So either way, this is terrible. Either way, it's a lose-lose situation. If you simply pick the right keywords, then no matter what happens, you still end up making some money or at least getting your your ranking up because if you target the right keywords with a good book and again, you might not be making a lot of sales. At least you're getting a lower ranking for an appropriate keyword which is going to bring in organic sales. If your book is good, you're getting a very high rank. You're getting more organic sales and then everything just flows much smoother. Now, if you found this video valuable, go ahead and click on the video that just popped up now. You're going to find that super super valuable because yes, now you know how to pick the keywords, but there's other things you need to know as well because just like I said, you need a good book. This is going to help you have a good book. If you have any questions, even if it's Amazon, any questions you have, leave it in the comment down below. I reply to every single comment and yeah, go out there and make a bunch of money on KDP.