We are continuing on here in the self-publishing series about some of the resources and tools that we have available to us. And uh boy, it's been kind of fun sharing some of these things that I've enjoyed using. And today is going to be no exceptions to the rule. But I want to share with you some of the insights about Publisher Rocket. It's a tool for marketing purposes that'll help you out in getting your book out and into the right hands. But they recently increased the price to $199, begging the question, is it worth $199 in 2024? Well, I'm going to discuss that in today's podcast. So, make sure that you stay tuned. Big shout out to the podcast sponsors, Book Award Pro. If you followed me for any amount of time, you'll know I'm a huge fan and proponent of marketing your books. And one of the key tools in my book marketing arsenal is Book Award Pro. Whether you're looking for targeted book awards or editorial reviews, Book Award Pro has got you covered. Simply upload your book and Book Award Pro will give you customized recommendations based on your content rather than having to troll about over online and try to find like just the right awards or the right reviews. They save you so much time. I covered them in the past and there's a good reason why I approached them for this sponsorship because I really just love their stuff. You can get free or premium access when you visit my affiliate link at dlinks.com/bookawwardpro. Special thanks to Bookawward Pro for sponsoring this podcast. They are the longtime sponsors here. You're going to hear a lot more about them. So, do yourself a favor, go at least get yourself some free access. And just as a heads up, folks, yes, some book award programs do require an entry fee because there are people that actually sit down and read and review your books. Same thing goes for editorial reviews. So, anticipate that there's going to be a little bit of a cost, but I think it's 100% worth it. Uh, always go back into the backlog here. I think it was about a few weeks ago that I covered Book Award Pro in depth and why it's a great tool. All right, so let's talk about Publisher Rocket. Now, first of all, what is Publisher Rocket? To the uninitiated, Publisher Rocket is a software tool used by authors and publishers to conduct keyword research and optimize their book titles, descriptions, keywords for better discoverability on Amazon. It helps authors identify popular search terms and categories on Amazon to improve their book's discoverability and increase its chances of reaching a wider audience. It's what we all want right now. Additionally, Publisher Rocket provides insights into the competitive landscape of specific book categories, helping authors make informed decisions to enhance their book's marketing strategy. So, that's the big deal about Publisher Rocket. There's so much and it can sometimes overwhelm some folks when they first get it. So, let's take a look at each one of these features. Now, I'm only going to verbally share these things with you. You feel free. You can always just skip to the chase. Go inside the show notes as per usual and you can always click the link, get yourself access to it, and see what you think. But here we go. Let's just kind of just start off very first thing now. What are the features in Publisher Rocket? As soon as you open it up in the top right hand corner, you're going to see the settings. So, just go ahead and select that. That's going to be the first thing. you're going to see that there is the US, UK, and German market with plans to expand into other markets. So, just keep in mind they're only covering three of the major markets as opposed to all 13. Now, I anticipate that in due time we'll see some of those other ones roll out because it's been slowgoing. Obviously, there's a lot going into making this so it's good for you and not trying to just rush things out and hope for the best. Now, why is region specific research so important? If you're publishing books, let's say to the German market, it is important to understand that even though Amazon owns the property, they don't have the same relevance in certain search terms that you're going to expect from one platform to the other. Relevance is all based on what the customers are doing. what are they searching for and what are they buying and what's the large market looking for. So, for instance, uh this is a great way to kind of share an example. I would call it a workout plan for any type of exercise programs I would put out via books. But if you go over to Australia, they call it bodybuilding. And I'm like, bodybuilding? Bodybuilding is a different thing. That's typically something that's, you know, reserved for, you know, the meattheads, if you will. But apparently over in Australia that's completely different over there. So it's understanding that each region has very specific search terms and very specific categories because the categories change from one region to the next. Especially if you're utilizing KDP, they're going to have it to where you set your um primary marketplace. So for instance, my primary marketplace is the US. That's generally where a lot of my sales come from. So, with that being in the US, I know for sure that I'm going to get the categories I want within KDP's dashboard, but there becomes a little bit of an issue there. And I'm going to explain why Rocket helps kind of sort out some of that madness in there. Now, they also support for Rocket English and German. Right now, they default format into books, which would be for print books, Kindle only, and audible only. Now again, based on the particular type of product, you're going to get different keywords and categories that are associated with each one of those. So that's why you want to have that set. So, for instance, anytime that I open up Publisher Rocket and I know I'm going to be doing some keyword research specifically for Kindle, I will go over into that settings. I'll set it to Kindle only because I know I'm going to be rapid fire opening up some keywords and I want to make it to where I'm very efficient at what I'm doing. All right, so let's talk about the very first feature, one of my favorite features. Feature number one, keyword search. Now, you essentially can be able to search a keyword in this. So, let's say for instance, um I don't know, I'm going to throw out a random word. Again, we were using workout. We might as well just go ahead and use that. If I were to type in workout plan into this, what Rocket's going to do is you hit go get them rocket and and it goes and it pulls back all of the keywords that are related to that particular keyword. So, for instance, workout plan. There might be home workout plan or workouts for women over 55 or workouts that are easy or workouts to lose weight and it'll show this whole list of things. So what this does is it actually functions like a browsing customer where the search query you put into Rocket is done in real time. So, that is kind of a really neat tool because it's going to save us time of having to go over, open up a browser, do it in incognito mode, jump into Amazon, search up all those things, and hopefully guess for the best, whereas Rocket does all of that extra work for you. Now, it pulls back related keyword terms, as I said. So again, just a rough example would be, I don't know, it could probably be shape shifter and I could probably find werebear shape shifter or tiger shifter or dragon shifter. It's going to show all these different type of keywords that are associated with that. So when you do hit the search, it's going to display all of these things. Now, if it only shows like one, chances are likely you found a keyword that's not very popular, but don't let that stop you from analyzing it. So, the very next thing to kind of be aware of is the actual data that comes back. So, you're going to actually have to hit the little button next to the row that's associated with that specific keyword. It's going to display the average page count of the books associated with that keyword, the number of competitors associated with that keyword. Just assume it's all associated with that keyword, the average price, the average monthly earnings, and the estimated Amazon searches per month, and the competitive score. Now, all of the other items aside, the part that I pay closest attention to is going to be the estimated Amazon searches per month and the competitive score because when you're selecting a keyword, you want to make sure that the large audience is looking for this, that people are actually looking for it. So, let's just say for instance, I don't know, I I put in like a, you know, alphabet soup of some sort. could probably be I don't know workout plans for shape shifter romance people like and it's going to probably come back with like less than a 100 searches per month which when it gets less than 100 searches per month you're looking at less than three per day it's hardly worth that when you want to use something but you want to see something that's a little bit higher than a 100 searches per month maybe even a few hundred searches or even a thousand or even you know any more than that 10,000 so on and so forth. Now, the competitive score is how likely are you going to be able to leverage this keyword for additional discoverability. And so what it does is it ranks it on a scale of 0 to 100. The closer you to get to 100, the more competitive it is. The less it gets down to like zero, the more it gets to zero, it's going to be less competitive. I generally like to see a competition score definitely below 60, below 50 if possible. So that way I know I'm choosing the right keyword. Now, they're going to make it relatively easy because what they're going to do is they rate the estimated searches and competitive score on a system that's green, yellow, red. Now, as you expect, green's good. It's kind of like a traffic light. You can just keep blasting on through that intersection and get what you want right there. Now, yellow means caution. Obviously, they're like, "Hey, you can probably go for this, but it's going to probably be a little competitive." And then if it has red, it means, "Yeah, this is probably not the best selection. Either it's hyper competitive or there's nothing at all with this particular one." Now the next thing you're going to do after you've done the search and you've kind of validate everything there, you need to further validate that keyword. So you're going to end up checking the competition associated with that keyword through the button on the right hand side. So this is going to open up to where you'll be able to see the top 10 books associated to that keyword. And so this is so important. I think a lot of people get really romantic about this where they're like, "Oh, I found a keyword. This is great. there's low competition, this is awesome, fantastic. But if you go and you analyze what are the books that are associated with that keyword, it's going to be able to tell you whether or not this is going to be a good choice because there are oftent times you might think that you have the right context for a particular keyword, but the buying audience is going to tell you by and large if that keyword works for what you're shooting for. So, as an example, I could probably be looking up Shape Shifter Romance. I see that, oh great, everything looks fantastic. I check out the competition by clicking that button, and then I see that there are a whole bunch of like, I don't know, other books. It could probably be steamy erotica books. There's no shape shifters whatsoever. You're kind of going, uh, yeah, I don't want to have my book tossed into these type of things. So, it's always good that you validate that keyword. Now, the next feature, number two, is the competition analysis. You're going to type in a keyword or phrase and Rocket will show you the 10 books that rank for that term plus important data. Like, you ready for this? This is where I was telling you before where you're going to check the competition out. It's going to tell you the books. It's going to tell you the type of book. It's going to tell you the related categories, the author associated to that book, the age of the book in days, the Amazon bestseller rank or they actually shorten it to ABSR, the number of pages, and if the keyword term is in the title or subtitle, and the reason why it if you see a keyword in the title or subtitle, that is an additional discovery point. Uh price point as well, daily sales estimates and monthly sales estimates. So this is going to give you in a more of informed decision on what you want to do. Now then you can check out that book on Amazon through just a simple button click. You go over take a look at it. You can always look at the reviews. You can take a look at their A+ content. You can take a look at their different iterations. It'll help you even more. Now the next thing you can do is unleash the associated categories. And it's a little button. You just click it and it'll show you all of the categories that are associated to this particular category or the competition and it will pop that up and it will give you a better idea as to the categories you want to select with that given keyword. Now best part is you can export all this data in a spreadsheet. And by the way you can just assume that all these features you can export this inside a spreadsheet. Super simple, very intuitive. Now feature number three is the category research tool. Now this one right here is a gamecher especially since in the last year KDP just rolled out the new category selection system. We used to rely on BISAC that's the book industry standards and communication code that's associated to books within the US and UK. It's kind of like a universal categorization system. But when you would select it originally, they would just throw you into any old category and you'd have to go and find it. Yet, those categories weren't being utilized on Amazon's platform, creating a lot of confusion. And now they actually have it to where you can choose three categories in your primary marketplace. The problem is there are tens of thousands of categories, so it's often overwhelming. And that's where Rocket gets it to where it's easy for you. Now, it's not just a simple thing of, "Oh, let me just go ahead and look up a category and boom, there it is. Great. Fantastic. Well, can I just do that in my KDP dashboard?" You're you're right. You're right. But one thing you won't get inside your KDP dashboard is the relevancy of a category if that category is worthwhile. Rocket breaks down each category. Or you can search based on related keyword terms. So let's say for instance I just want to go the long way and I just select something I don't know with arts and entertainment or business and finance or something else like that and it will break down each one of those browse paths and categories you can find. Here's where it's fun. It sorts according to the number of sales to hit the number one spot and the number 10 spot. It's kind of a proof of concept because if you see a category and the number one slot says it only takes one book to hit the number one spot. Well, good news. You could probably be able to select that category and get the number one spot with a single sale. But do you really want that? Because is there an audience actually interested in that category? So knowing the number one spot and number 10 spot is going to also help at that extreme of like do I go into this hyperco competitive category based on the number of sales do I think I will be able to place in that top 10 spot. Uh the next item that they do they show you is the percentage of big publishers associated with the category. So oftentimes I think everybody knows if you're an indie author you're self-published you have an uphill battle. you have the odds stacked against you when it comes to tradub companies. Any traditional publishing company has a lot more money and a lot more marketing and promotion and a bigger team that's going to work to get them above all the noise. So, if you find a category that is dominated by big publishers, that's another good factor to kind of determine of do I want to place this in here? It's going to be super competitive. I'm going to be just rolling the snowball uphill. H I'm not really sure if this is something for me. They also tell you the percentage of KDP Select enrolled ebooks. And that right there is going to help you determine to is this going to be viable. If you're currently using KDP Select, then it might make sense. But if you're not using KDP Select, you will know that you are working against what is happening with KDP Select because KDP Select offers a an unfair advantage if you will for those books because they don't need to sell in order to influence the Amazon bestseller rank. So the KDP select enrolled ebooks, that percentage is good to know. And they also give deeper insights with historical data. So, if you want to click on that category and see how it's performed recently, you'll be able to see, okay, is it on an uptrend or is it on a downtrend? Is this something worth pursuing? That's one nice thing that Rocket does that other companies do not do. It's the historical data that they hold on to. And this is incredible. I think they rolled that feature out about a year or so ago. So, good. Now, one of the newest key features is the keywords associated with a category or the browse path. You ever hear me call it a browse path? It's because that's the insider term for category. Now, with the keywords associated to a category, Dave Chesson, the creator of Publisher Rocket, said to himself, "How am I going to get it to where I can select the right category and have it to where KDP doesn't reject my selection?" So the way that he said was, okay, what are keywords that are associated with that category? Not specifically words within that category name or that browse path, but more importantly, keywords that say this publication belongs inside this category. And so his belief was that you should take at least one to two of your seven back-end keyword slots and fill it with a category specific keyword. That way KDP would not reject your selection. Uh, it also really helps kind of grease your creative wheels if you find yourself a little bit stuck and you're like, I don't know how to fill the seven backend keyword slots and you've tried everything you can. All you got to do is open up that category feature, hit the keywords associated, and boom, you got yourself a gold mine, grab something, toss it on in there. What I like to do is I'll take that list of keywords that are associated to a category and then I will go back and I will doublech checkck those keywords on how good they are based on what Publisher Rocket says because then you can just feed it right over inside the keyword research tool and see if it is worthwhile. Now the feature number four, this is the one and the justification for increasing the price is for good reason. It's for Amazon ads. It used to be called the AMS marketing tool, but now it's just Amazon ads, period. This is the newest feature and upgrade that's a gamecher. I got access to this about a few weeks ago, about a couple weeks before it was launched to the public. It's more dialed into the actual book. Rather than giving broad targeting, Rocket gets more granular results. So, what you do is you supply your AS of your book. You give them the seven back-end Kindle keywords and any relevant and similar books. And sometimes they will just recommend those. So you can always just leave those set. And then what it does is it will bring back any targets that you can be able to leverage that are super relevant to your title. So that way you can put it into your Amazon ads. This is so good. They used to have it pretty good before, but it was super broad. The information, the targets that it brought back. Sometimes I'd see some of those targets and I'm like, I'm not spending money on that. That is completely irrelevant to my publication. So, that is where I just really really love it. I've had a chance to play with it and I've seen some great results with my manual targeting campaigns. Now, this saves a ton of time and a lot of guesswork. It is great for manual targeting campaigns as I mentioned and it also splits your targets into keyword targets, book targets, category bestseller targets, and comparable author targets. Then you can build a list from that to import to Amazon ads. So let's say that you see some of these targets and for whatever reason Rocket gives you one, you're like, I don't agree with that. Great. You don't even have to select it. You can still build out that list. The nice thing is it'll hold up to two books in Rocket for you that you can go back and use that time and again and get relevant and up-to-date targets that you can put into your Amazon ads. Again, a gamecher. I love it. Anytime I can save time on working with Amazon advertising, great. Because I already spent plenty of money there. Might as well go ahead and see if I can do less time on that. Now, there is an additional feature to note. When you do open up Publisher Rocket, you will see that it has tutorials. So, if you're overwhelmed when you open it up, don't be surprised. It's a lot to take in. I recommend first thing you do, get the tutorials, open it on up, and you can go from there. Now, how much does Publisher Rocket cost? Told you already, $199 for lifetime access. Now, it used to be $97, but on July 1, they kicked it up. And Dave Chesson said for years that they were going to increase the price. I got mine back in 2017 and so worth it. I got all of that money back. And in fact, the biggest deal I can't ever put into money how much I've made from Publisher Rocket. But I can tell you what it did was it saved me a lot of time and a lot of that guesswork. Now, for some reason, you're still leery and you're kicking tires and you're going, "Dale, I don't know. 200 bucks is a lot to speak for." or hey look, they got a 30-day money back guarantee. And the cool thing is for some reason you don't like it, it looks at you wrong, you find that you have buyer's remorse or something like that, just 30 days, ask for it back. Say, "Hey, uh, it's not quite working." There's it's no catch. And I've never heard of anybody having a problem with it. You also get free upgrades and updates for life. No catch. And I do know they have a new feature they're working on behind the scenes because I spoke with Dave about this. They're going to be doing a reverse asenge search. So, are you curious on what your competition is using for the backend keywords and the keywords associated to them? Yeah, they're going to get it to where you can take that as pop it on in there and find out exactly what you need to know to make an informed decision for your own book. By the way, you can go ahead check take a look at Publisher Rocket when you visit my affiliate link at dlinks.com/rocket. All right. Hey, one more special thanks and shout out to my preferred book marketing tool, Bookawward Pro. Get free or premium access when you visit my Big special thanks to Hannah and Jacobson, the founders of Bookawwardpro. You guys are the best. I really do appreciate it. One of the best ways to help support this podcast is to support those sponsors. Go get yourself a free account over at daleinks.com/bookawwardpro. All right, here's my final thoughts. Is Publisher Rocket for everyone? Yes, if you have the budget. I know $200 is a stretch, but I want you to think about the time you're going to have to spend in doing your own research. Don't just try to guess. If you've been guessing your way through your whole author career and you're not seeing results, well, it's for good reason. guessing won't get you very far, but with a tool like this, it'll get you a lot further along without all the guesswork and a lot less of the time that you know, but it's not for you if you don't have the money. Yes, it's a good idea to save your earnings to afford it eventually. It'll save you a lot of the time and guesswork, as I said, so you can spend more time in other areas of your business. You find yourself going, I hate marketing and promoting my book, Rocket's probably for you. Visit my affiliate link at dlinkx.com/rocket to give it a shot today and it comes with a 30-day money back guarantee as I've mentioned. So, if you aren't happy for whatever reason, you can ask for a refund and go on with your life. Hey, next week we're going to be talking about a grammar checking app that I've been using for quite some time now called Pro Writing Aid. This grammar checker app any good especially in 2024 with new features? I got some goods to share with you next week in the podcast. Till later, this has been self-publishing with Dale, and I'll catch you next