Do you want to go ahead and publish a self-help book or you want to discover potentially profitable subniches under the self-help umbrella? Well, this video [music] is for you. Together, we're going to analyze and try to find [music] different niche opportunities for you to publish in. Let's dive in. So, I did a list of different self-help topics that just came to mind. And as I was doing some research and googling, I did a little list of things that people are already searching for. But before I go ahead and jump onto that list and we start doing our niche research, we start the niche research session. I wanted you guys to explore with me the self-help category. There's a lot of different uh elements of self-help that I want to share with you. One of them is personal transformation. Then there's motivational relationships, self-esteem, spirituality, mental health, stress, stress management, emotions, uh communication and social skills, self-improvement, time management, anxieties, phobias, uh interpersonal relations, addiction and recovery, love and loss, conflict resolution. Already off the bat, I am pretty sure that you guys have either dealt with one of these things, whether it's relationship problems or self-esteem issues or maybe you're on a spiritual journey. So, automatically start thinking while I'm doing this whole research session, I want you to start thinking about the things that you've already gone through and that you can already you have content to write on these topics. Okay? So, let me go ahead and start searching and showing you the data on whether a specific niche can be profitable or not. So, the first one is sabotage. I'm going to go ahead and type that in. Sabotage. That's something that uh we all do, I believe, you know, at some point or another. Uh so, I'm going to go ahead and just write the word. Let me look at my list. Sabotage. I'm going to click on my Katie Spy. And if you don't know what a Katie spy is, it's a research tool. It gives you the number of competitors according to the uh the keywords. Um it'll tell you exactly how much a book is making, how much money, the sales rank of a book, and it tells you whether uh the keyword is popular, whether there's potential for revenue, whether there's a lot of competition or whatnot. So under this keyword, we already see full reds across the board. That means that this is not a popular keyword. Uh the potential for revenue, it's rather low and the competition is very strong. But I'm going to go ahead and click on where it says keywords. Okay. And I'm going to type in stop sabotage or self-sabotage. I think it was stop self-sabotage, but let me just go ahead go ahead and just put stop sabotage. Okay. So automatically there are keyword suggestions I want you to look at. The first one is stop self sabotage. The competition is 782. So there are 782 competitors. So when you see yellow in competition it means that there is competition but it's healthy competition. You can still rank uh under this keyword. I clicked on analyze because I want to further analyze the keywords. Stop self uh stop sabotage, right? Uh and then here is stop stop self- sabotage. And we're going to see what our Katie spy will provide us with. So automatically I saw red. Okay. So it's not a very popular keyword. The potential for revenue is low, but the competition seems healthy. I'm going to go ahead and search for self sabotage and see what happens. See if there's any new data. And you know what there is. So self- sabotage. As we can see here, the competition is rough. But let's look at the ones in green. Okay, it says that these keyword suggestions. The one in green, self- sabotage no more. I'm wondering, it has 89 competitors. And then the one that says stop self sabotage, Judy, I'm pretty sure this is the name of the author. Um there's only five competitors. So, what I would do um if there is good competition um is I would use the words stop self- sabotage mom edition or dad edition or teen edition. So, I would definitely do something like that. So, that's something to think about. The next niche that I want to go ahead and explore that's on my list is self-esteem. Oh. Oh, no. Oh, I can't even spell esteem. We have automatically, you see here on my AMZ expander, these are the key word phrases that people are already searching for. Self-workbook for teens. I just want to go ahead and dig deeper cuz that right there, there are 10,000 results under that those keywords. So, for teen boys, this is what I want to explore. I don't know why for boys there's not a lot of content or for men um and I see that right there I see an opportunity. So maybe if you have experience or you know being a if you're a male and you've had uh you had a rough journey when you were in adolescence and you struggled with self-esteem issues. Maybe that's something that you could write on. And remember you don't have to slap your actual name on it if you don't want to. You can you can include your real life experiences, your real life story, your recommendations, what you recommend to teen boys without using your name and just using a pen name. Let's look at the information from Arcad Spy. Popularity. It is a popular keyword. Write that down. Self-esteem workbook 14 boys. The potential for revenue looks very good. And guess what? Competition is healthy. That is a win right there. And I want you to take a look at here. This is in under books. Under Kindle, if I click on Kindle, guess what? It only gives me uh these uh 19 well the first 19 results. The first one through 20, sorry, 1 through 19. And then uh but that's for Kindle. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and click on where it says keywords because I want to explore this a little bit further. So, we're going to do self-esteem workbook. Let me see if it'll let me. 14 teen boys. Let me see. This is too long. I knew it. Uh, let me do teen or teen. Okay. Self-esteem workbook for teens. Okay. Competitors is 20,000. Okay. So, it doesn't give me Let me see if I click on books. Teen boys. What if I put self-esteem for boys? Let's see what comes up. This is something I haven't looked under self-esteem teen boys or boy just boys for boys. Okay, it won't give me anything thus far and let's see under audiobooks. Okay, let's go back to the results. So, write this down because this is very important and let me go ahead and click on audiobooks and see what happens. So, under audiobooks, as you can see here, uh the total monthly revenue for the audiobooks under the self-esteem for teen boys, um it's 849. Although it's not that high, I would highly I would see this as an opportunity. If you can write a book, create the Kindle version, the paperback version, and then launch it as an audio book. I think this can be a gamecher and is um it's definitely an opportunity. Let's go on to the next niche. Let me look at my Okay, so this is one that I found uh 10 days to self esteem. Okay, I want I want to explore this a little bit further. Sure, this 10 days to self-esteem is the name of a book of an existing book. Um, however, okay, there is I I want to see I I want you to see that there are different variations to a book like this one right here. This author, I think it's the same author if I'm not mistaken. Um, this one is 10 days to self-esteem. This one is 10 days to great self-esteem. You can easily change one word, one or two words, but it can have the same keywords. You can put 10 days to self-esteem as a homeschool mom, as a mom, as a busy mom, as a working mom, as a stay-at-home mom, as a teen girl. Uh self-esteem of the six pillars of self-esteem. 10 steps to self-esteem. So, you can use that 10. And I think I saw I'm going to go ahead and click on my Katie spite, but I saw something about a 10-minute routine to self-esteem. So you can think in terms of it doesn't have to be 10 days. It could be 10 minutes a day to self-esteem or 10 minutes a day journey to self-esteem. You could turn this into a workbook slashbook slashjournal. I mean there are so many different things that we can do here. Uh but let me go ahead and do it here. Let me go ahead and search for it. 10 days to self esteem. I'm going to go to search for it under here. Um, and let's see competitors for these these this uh keyword suggestion 10 days to self-esteem. The competitors are really three, which is really great. Um, it's something to think about. So, write that down. 10 days to self-esteem. You have to not now what you must do is just put your twist in it. uh just create a new version of this. Okay, so let's see. Let me look at my list. Okay, one that is huge especially for women. Okay, this one is big for women. It's perfectionism. Okay, perfectionism. Automatically we see that perfectionism these are two keywords uh two ph or or a phrase here perfectionism workbook. It's something that people are searching for this under the results. It's 4,000. Um, therefore, there is competition. But I want to click on my Katie Spike to, you know, further analyze this niche. Um, because perfectionism can hit many different types of people. Again, think in terms of target audiences. Think in terms of who is going to be your audience, who as a mom, I'm always, and I default to this. I'm always thinking of how can I do this the best and give my you know 100%. And sometimes I fall into this whole idea of behaving and doing things to achieve perfectionism but it isn't it's it isn't real. Okay. So this keyword right here as per Arcat spy [snorts] um a small number of books are performing well the potential for revenue looks good and competition is high. Now I'm going to click here perfectionism because I'm going to search for it and I just want to see how many competitors there are and if there is uh room for uh for us to succeed in this niche and the first thing that I saw was overcoming perfectionism. So maybe jot that down, write that down. So not just perfectionism but overcoming perfectionism. And again think about your audience. Is it overcoming perfectionism as a mom? Is it overcoming perfectionism as a wife? How to be a better wife and let letting go of perfectionism? Because under those keyword, those keywords overcoming perfectionism competitors are only 22 competition. I mean, you can compete if there are only 22 competitors. That is excellent. That's great. And then if you look at the types of books here, the gifts of imperfection, look, just this one book, The Gifts of Imperfection is generating $13,000 a month. That is insane. And the total revenue of books that are selling in this niche is $2,000 $257,46. It is insane. And it says you are not there's one it says you are not lazy, you are a perfectionist. Um, something about procrastination. I'm not sure. But this one has zero. 63. One book. Oh my gosh. I thought I was just me. I thought it was just me. So, there is money to be made again. But look at the reviews, guys. Look at the reviews. Maybe if you click on audiobooks, maybe your angle could be, and this is this is me throwing ideas at you. So, because I want to help you think. I want to help you think and see how you can approach your self-publishing process and your journey. Um maybe some of these books what they need, what they lack or there's there's a room for opportunity when it comes to audio books. Um here under audiobooks, uh it is just one through 18. Let me see how much they're making. The revenue looks insane. $96,000 is the estimated revenue for the month. That is insane. The numbers are even crazier when it comes to audiobooks, which is something something to think about. So, let's go ahead and I'm going to just I want to do perfectionism. Let me look that up. I'm just going to click on here what's already being searched. Okay, under perfectionism workbook, there are only 928 results. That's something that I also want you to think about. Think about how you can not only create a book or a Kindle book or not or or just an audio book, but also a workbook to go along with it. Workbooks are amazing. And as you can see here, wait, I just saw it. As you can see here, the words perfectionism workbook, if you include that in your book, look at the popularity. Um, it's all in yellow, which for me, it's a good sign. It says a small number of books are performing well. The potential for revenue looks average and the competition is healthy, which is great. You want low competition. Uh, and you want some kind of a demand. And right now that we're going into a new year cuz it's November 25th. We're going into 2026. What are people doing right now? And in in January and in February and in March, people are seeking to be better. they're seeking for self-development whether it's books or courses or so you need to think in terms of what's going on in the world and how can you you know what's the demand what are people doing and how you can supply that demand with your products with your ebooks your books okay let me go ahead and go back to the list that I have let me see okay the word empowered okay empowered okay automatically we see here the empowered wife Okay, that's very specific. The results is 167 results. And let me go ahead and click on the Katie spy and see what we find here. The empowered wife, the empowered wife workbook and journal. You see, that's what I'm talking about. You have to add a twist. The surrendered wife. And I'm pretty sure that what you can do is you can use a word the empowered wife or you can do the empowered wife uh as um or sorry, the empowered stay-at-home wife. add a twist to it. And this is one of the reasons why I wanted to show you this because look down here. It's green all across the board. And sometimes it's rare to come across a niche that is green which mean like green across the board because it's telling us that the popular like there's this is a there's these keywords are in high demand. Okay. A lot of books are performing well. The potential for revenue looks very good. Not just good, very good. [snorts] and the competition, you can easily rank on the first page. So, this is crazy. And then if you can go ahead and add, if you did a book, a Kindle version, a paperback book, and then you do the audio version, that's even better. So, I'm going to do this. I'm going to check this out. Empowered wife. Just want to check this a little bit further. The Godmpowered wife. This is the keyword suggestion. Go ahead. I hope you guys are jotting this down. Go ahead and write that down. The Godmpowered wife. I like that. Empowered wife. Okay, great. So, let's move on to the next one. Let me see. The empowered maybe woman. Let's see if this is a thing. The Wait, the awaken. Wait a second. The awakened woman. Okay, that I hadn't thought about before. That actually I did that by accident. You know what? And now I'm curious. The results are 338. That's under 500. Is this even a thing? The Awakened Woman. There's already a book on it. The Awakened Woman's Guide. The Awakened Woman. A secret guide to selfmastery. The Awakened Woman. Okay, so there are titles using this. The Awakened Woman. Okay, I didn't even know this was a thing. Uh, okay. So, popularity, uh, as for the Katie Spy, it's not a very popular keyword. The potential for revenue looks rather low, but the competition is pretty good. Given that there are not a lot of books uh under this niche, let me go ahead and let me look for awakening and I want to see what is out there. The keyword suggestions that we have here. Awakening sin, awakening wonder. Okay, 105 in competition. But let's see here. Awakening the white wolf. Okay, that's probably an actual book that's out there. Awakening joy, 269 competitors. Okay, this is good to know. Awakening. Let's see what Oh my goodness. What is this? Awakening book. Awakening. Spiritual awakening. Let's look for that. Spiritual awakening for then we can remove that and put four. And let's see if there are any books for maybe women for is this spiritual awakening for women. Okay. 8,000 results. And let's see what the Katie Spy uh informs us of how uh this keyword is doing. And then Kindle, I feel that often we forget about the possibility of an audio book just because it it seems very uh difficult to produce. you you have to pay someone, you know, to actually do the voice for you or if you're doing it yourself. Uh it's a bit of a process, but it's it's not impossible. It's definitely doable. And if you're interested in finding out how to do that, I will gladly let me know on the comments down below because I will gladly do a video on it. Okay, so as for popularity, there are only a small number of books performing well for this keyword. The potential for revenue looks average. Competition is very strong. Okay, wonderful. So, let me go ahead and let's see. Uh, okay. Self leadership. That's the next niche on my list. Self leadership. Okay. The selfdeception. Self leadership. Okay. Let me just let me just do self leadership. Let's see what is going on here. Self leadership for women perhaps. Let's see. 30,000 results. Okay. Selfdeception. That's a book. Self-love for women. Self- loveve. That's a big topic. Let me go ahead and just search uh under Katie Spy and see what self leadership for women looks like. Um it does look like there there are a lot of books out there already. It's 30,000 results. Um but we can always find an angle. self leadership. It could be uh it says uh skills for women workbook. So there are workbooks on this. The art of self leadership uh lead like her. Okay. So this is very popular guys. Leadership for women highly popular according to Arcadi spy and there are a and there are a lot of books performing well under this keyword. The potential for revenue looks very good. Competition is obviously high. So we would have to come up with a different angle on how to leadership for women maybe in the in like um a specific space whether it could be in ministry. You know what? Let me check that out for women in ministry. It could be in the workplace. Okay. So in ministry. Okay. The word ministry. I added the whole the word ministry. And there are two views on women in ministry. Okay, so the results are 359 and I just want to know if this is something that people are searching for. Empowering empowering women for ministry, leadership for women in the church. Okay, so that those are words that I can add in the church. Guys, I hope you're writing these down. Okay. Um this is uh these are very I mean develop I mean these are great ideas uh potential so I'm sorry popularity not a very popular keyword potential for revenue looks average but the competition is good there are only a small number of books here there only 359 results which is not bad self leadership in church so let me go ahead in church so instead of ministry I'm going to go ahead and add in search and uh 350 results. I want to see if this changes things. Um, as far as the popularity goes, I want to know if this is in demand, in high demand. People are searching for this. Lead like Jesus. Lessons from the greatest leadership role model of all time. I like that. I would actually read that. Managing. Okay. Wait, where did it go? Okay. So, self leadership for women in church. in church. Okay, now we're getting somewhere. It says that only a small number of books are performing well for this keyword. So, it's in yellow. So, there are books performing well. The potential for revenue looks a little average, but the competition you can easily rank on the first page. Um, so this is actually good to know. I hope you're writing this down. Self leadership for women in the church. Okay, that's a great one. Okay. So now let me go ahead and look at my list again and see what other uh Okay. This one is the one that I feel is huge especially because I don't know what it is but lately I have been coming across a lot of moms that are struggling with co-parenting. Okay co-parenting guys write that down. Let's start brainstorming. But oh wait I wanted you to see this co-parenting. And the first thing that comes up, guys, is co-parenting with a narcissist book. There are people searching for this, guys. 729 results. Look at this. Practical co-parenting with a narcissist. Effective co-parenting or parallel parenting with a narcissist. Strategies, strategic, sorry, co-parenting with a narcissist. Co-parenting after divorcing a narcissist. Guys, this is a big topic. And if this if you find yourself in this situation where you're co-parenting and you know that your partner has narcissistic tendencies, then maybe this is an area that you can exp that you can write you can write a book in this niche. Especially if you have found ways to co-parent well um and you you minimize uh confrontation and and problems and dis and disagreements. So look at this guys. Popularity uh a well for this keyword. The potential for competition is healthy and that is key. You want to make sure that you're going into a niche where you can compete. Um your book can compete and with the right number of reviews you can do pretty well. Um, let me go ahead and uh go under keyword, the keyword search, and I'm just going to go ahead and write the word co-parenting and see what Katie Spy generates. Okay, so keyword suggestions. Okay, grab your paper. I hope you still have your paper and you write this down. Co-parenting with a narcissistic X, 207 competitors. Let's go down to Okay, 45 competitors. Look at this. The truth about co-parenting. Period. That is a really good area to look into. Co-parenting after divorcing a narcissist. 97 competitors. Remember, you can always grab these keywords and add your twist to it. Um, according to your experience and what you have gone through. Uh, co-parenting as a whole has uh 3,000 competitors. So, it's just something to think about. But if I click on audiobooks, uh let's see. Oh, let me go back. Let me go back and click on audiobooks. And just in audiobooks, guys, the total monthly revenue is $11,000. Now, does this mean that you're going to publish a book and automatically make money? Cuz I hate that assumption when people just assume that because, you know, you're going to publish in this specific niche that is not super overly saturated, you're going to make money off the bat. Um, the reality is that you you may, but I don't like to emphasize that yes, you're going to make tons of money and you're going to be extremely profitable because that is something that is unknown. Um, you have to create either have an audience or push some ads on your book. I mean, you're going to have to do some work. Um, but I think this is something to explore. Now, let me go ahead and back. Let me let me go ahead and go back and just search for under the word co-parenting. Period. There are 20,000 results. Okay. Divorcing or not. Again, uh let's see. The co-parenting handbook. Okay. The successful co-parenting workbook. Combative to collaborative. The co-parenting code. You see, I want to just go over these because these can give you a lot of ideas. the the ultimate co-parenting guide book. Uh free strategies to establish healthy boundaries. That's a good one. The co-parenting secret. It's not about you. I love that. Um the parallel parenting solution. I think I saw that word before. The parallel parallel parenting. It's right here. Parallel parenting. Write these down because these are key. Maybe you can include these keywords to your book title or subtitle. The high conflict co-parenting survival guide. Survival guide is another one. Uh co-parenting works. Helping your children thrive after divorce. Divorce is another one. Look through separation and divorce. That's a big one. Write that down. You can combine all of these uh keywords and come up with your own book and that way you can set yourself up for success. Uh building a parenting agreement that works. Uh okay. So let's go ahead and continue our research session. So co-parenting was one. Now the next one is okay codependency. Codependency dependency. Okay. Codependency. Okay. So there are 2,000 results under codependency. And then if you see here codependency workbook 182 results and under this uh let's see codependency work simple practices uh for developing and maintaining your independence um and codependency I mean there are codependent spouses something to to think about if you have ever been very codependent um with your spouse or even with your parents Um, and the reason why I bring this up is because look at Arcadia Spy. The popularity, it is a popular keyword. The potential for revenue looks very good and competition. You can easily compete uh and you can be um you can appear your book can appear in the first page ranking which is great. So, it's all it's popular. There's potential and you can compete. Only 182 results. Please write that down. codependency workbook. Okay, now I think I saw something here. Uh, okay. So, let's go ahead and add break free. Let's see what happens. Break free from codependency. Let's see what happens. So, the words break free from codependency, there are 42 results under this keyword. Okay. So that is something to also think about when you read the subtitle and the title and you realize for example let's say this one say goodbye to emotional eating. That is a problem. Emotional eating is a problem. I'm guilty. I was very guilty of that. And it says 100 100 renewing exercises to help you break free from control from the control of food. That is very important. You're giving a person a solution. You're mentioning the problem and you are, it's a promise, a subtitle for me. I believe it's a promise that you're going to help your customer, your ideal reader with, you know, a solution to a problem. Here, you know that this book is promising you 100 exercises that will help you break free and be in control of how you eat. And um so think about those things. Popularity for break free from codependency. It's not a very popular keyword, but I would still jot it down because you can use that in your subtitle. The potential for revenue looks average, but competition. It says you can easily compete here for a first page ranking. That's something to to think about. Let me go ahead and go back to my list. Okay. Another problem. Think about that. A problem that we deal with is people pleasing. This is real. If you are a people pleaser, you know this is a real I mean problem that you face. So the result is 5,000. Okay, I'm going to click on my Katy spy and see what um what information we can learn. Uh the disease to please the disease to please. I love that title. Curing the people pleasing pleasing syndrome. I love that. Um people pleasing can be you can either be like that with your spouse with your family to the point that you don't develop boundaries. So you can think in terms of people pleasing and how to you know how to break free break free from people pleasing and setting boundaries the right boundaries with people cuz people can walk all over us and uh we shouldn't live life like that. Um, okay. So, people pleasing. Okay. No. What am I doing? Okay. So, popularity. This is not a very popular keyword. The potential for revenue looks average. Competition is high. Obviously, 5,000 books. So, let me see something. People stop people pleasing. Let me see. Okay, a thousand results. And then let me see if the Katie spy will give us new information. Stop people pleasing. Stop people. Okay, so those words stop people pleasing is uh is in is in a lot of these books. Stop people pleasing, how to stop people pleasing, how to so think about that disease to please, curing the people pleasing syndrome, how to stop breaking your own. Okay, so good. So popularity again according to keyword of but potential looks good, average and competition is healthy. something to think about, especially if this is a topic that is dear to your heart. It's something that you have overcome and it's a way that you can help other people. You have, you know, strategies and things that you've done that have helped you out. If you can help someone, it's worth uh writing a book about it. Let me go ahead and check my lists again. I'm going to go ahead and share one more. Uh okay, the Okay. Well, self-love has been done already, but let me uh let me see which one. Okay. How to be a better wife. A better wife. I love this because um as I don't know about you guys, but as a wife, I find myself always very overly critical of what I I focus on what I'm not doing versus celebrating the things that I am doing. So, this is very it's a big deal. Um, and how to be a better wife could be for anyone. It could be for someone that has faith in God that doesn't have faith in God. Um, although I believe that um God is is top top. It's it's something that if you view the world through the lens of faith, there is no way that you can be a better wife without God in the equation. So, okay. So popularity, guess what guys? Uh it is a popular keyword. There are uh a number of books here performing very well. The potential for revenue looks great. Competition is healthy, which is hello. That's that's a good thing. And the total monthly revenue under this keyword is $70,000. So these are all things all of these things are something something to think about. I don't know. I can't speak today. I [laughter] don't know what's going on. Maybe I need water. Um, but all of these things are definitely things to think about and I hope you've been writing these down because I know that when you publish a book under the right niche and you do the right research, you're positioning your book for success. And although success is not guaranteed, the more research you do and the more uh the more that you the more thought that you put into your title, your subtitle and your entire book strategy, the more successful you can be even if it takes a month, a year, two years. Um, but it's definitely something to think about. If you enjoyed this research session, go ahead and go watch this one right here. I will see you there. God bless.