All right. Um, welcome to the research um, class. Right. So, in this video, I'm going to like explain I'm going to try to go in depth on every possible research method that you know, right? That's what I'm trying to I'm going to go. If you're a newbie, if you advanced, you should learn one or two from here. This is I'm not claiming to be um an expert on research but these are couple of things that do work for me. Right. So now first of all you have your in extensions installed. You have your Titans Pro. You have your Titans quick view and you can use B book beam any one that works best for you. But for this video I'm going to use Titans Pro cuz that's the extension I installed on this browser. Right. So which browser am I going to? This is the Chrome browser. You can use any browser as long as you can install extensions on them. So, let's go with that. So, I'm going to be doing research on not just um US market. I'm going to do research on other market places and I'll take time. I'll give it criteria. Okay. Why do I choose social even type of research not just Amazon still going to use Google Trend? So, I'll try to make this possible. I might split the video into two if he doesn't give me if he's too long or I might have to maybe another day continue but this I'm going to start for now. Now the first thing as you know I'll get to the one that everybody knows about but that should be towards the ending first for let me start with um the other market places for instance now you are all of do go to Amazon it if you are a person that does translation I'm I'm still going to try to incorporate um keyword research into this um video right I'm still going to try to incorporate that cuz I said before whether you're doing English or But whether you're translating, you still need the keywords. If you're going to be translating your book, you are not going to use English in your keywords. You're going to use a translated. So you're going to translate them. So sorry about that. All right. Now, let's um get into this. For instance, let me start. If I want to do a travel guide for instance and then it's for Pakistan for instance and you have Pakistan ga vagu mind you this is um this is um Italian marketplace this is how you this is how you put your g if you're in French marketplace you use g voyage to eat You see can see you can use can translate it if that's confusing you but as you can see here these are titles here. So let's say um this one I'm going to tell you okay book research this is maybe you have a title in mind to work on you have a title in mind to work on and you are thinking how am I going to go about this this is the first video this video I'm not going to like I'm not getting a title from somewhere these are just some maybe for instance now I I'm checking of how do you lose weight you now go and search it on Amazon it's something that has come from your mind something that you have seen you want to try to write a title on it so this is where this one came from. So this is a P Pakistan travel guide. I didn't add any year. Let's say I add 2026. Okay. So we have just six result for it. So even the six this is 2025. So it doesn't count. We be checking this you see 100 result doesn't mean everything is um everything is related to that title. You have to go through it and be show this is actually what I'm looking for. So this one is 2526. to count this 2026 account. So you have one, two, three. These are three. But you check here now. You see this one. No bestseller rank. No bestseller rank. No bestseller rank. So let's click on it. And you go down. Does not show. That means this book has not sold anything. And for the three of them not to have sold, it might not be a very profitable D for you to go into. If you want to make sales fast as possible, you have to calm down and do your research. Now this now bring me to the search for other market places right so you don't rely only on Amazon if you don't see sorry Amazon US so you don't see Amazon um you don't see any books you write on there which is very impossible except the niche you are doing but that aside so now we have um you just search amazonit new releases. You know, for market places, we do do new releases and we do best sellers. So, which one do you think is okay? Like I always say, if you want to make sales fast, new releases, if you want your sales to be sustainable for long-term best sellers, from my from my own perspective, that's how I see it. So, this is Amazon.com new releases, but want Amazon.it it. So, we start Amazon. New releases. So, it's showing us Amazon. Amazon.com, but we still have to check for Amazon. New releases, right? Or maybe it's not Amazon. New target. Or let's keep checking though. You might see this is Amazon.uk. This is Amazon. All right, I'm not getting what I want. So, I might just end up going to the original site to get what I want. Normally bestsellers, they are going to show. So, let me translate this to English. So, I'm going to see what I'm looking for. So, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. This is best seller. So, let's click on bestseller here. So, these are what are selling in bestsellers on Amazon. See, I translated the page, but that doesn't mean you see you're not going to see it. So, books is here. If you are not seeing ebooks, you may see libri. This is how is translated libri. But since I've translated to English, now it's going to be showing you. So, now look at the books that are selling on Amazon. Now, you know that maybe you don't have any idea that these books are actually selling. Now, let's open chibi. You have to get an idea of what the books is all about. You have to get like oh this is what this book is all about then you can now start writing on it if you don't have an idea of what the book is all about you cannot be able to create anything from it this is um liro I don't know it's showing phone okay book break how to culture beautiful now that's um something this is um other one this one is the pu what's the book all about made for good Japanese stories Crimes and mysteries to solve while you pop the conquest of eternity. So these all these books they are under Italian market places Italian marketplace. So let me say I open the first two. I want to use these two to do research for now. So you do this now you copy this title. You copy this title. You come to charge and you tell it okay I want this is a translate you can translate it first translate you want to get an idea of what the book is all about right you want to get an idea of what the book is all about so this is 101 bits Insight on science and culture when you put your book down book 100 when you set the book aside. So this this this this um so this is it's talking about maybe things you know about um this and they didn't include a read inside though so we cannot really see okay what's inside this book but this is top selling now so that means they're writing on If you check here, you see they're writing on scientific facts explained. So you can do write a book that is about scientific facts. You can use the title here something like par li in your keywords so that when they search for it your book is going to show right you don't necessarily need to copy his um model here. Use yellow and his picture. You can use red use just talking about that particular info right let me show you for instance now I come here let's say I done with this I come here for password broke you see you see it's showing right you see it's showing okay things that you should do when you're not using your phone all these books if you translate them let's translate to English and see you translate them you see that it's talking about it's going to be something that is related to things to do when you find you see they showing BS that mean they selling is translating okay smartphone this smartphone yeah you can also get other titles like smartphone guides if you product guides you can get Now you can make your title pass the brew something something don't include the authing the book you just the concept that you need to and then you can include these ones in the keyword so that when you when they searching for your book it is going to show when they searching for this particular book it's going to show. So that's like the entire thing about it. Well, before you do anything, please always have a test account. Have an account that you test it. You do it. Oh, it goes like okay. And you know that you're going to write it in English and you don't translate it. But translated version of this one you you publish can publish in other market places. French. So this method I'm teaching you can apply it to different um different um what do you call it? Different market places French, German. I don't have time to do all of them today, but you understand what I'm trying to say, right? So, now let's go back. This one I only did for um Amazon. So, you go to all this one. These are categories. If you are a cookbook writer, you can look for your category around food, eating, health. If you romance writer, legion writer, so you find them around. I think religion books sell very well. You can check them here. What is this book all about? Write something around it. You just it's okay for you to test, try new things. If you start working for you, boom, you now start making money from it. And before you know it, other people now start. That's how it is. People are not doing um biographies that much. Oh, this is the code. They cracked it and started making able to crack something like this. So I'm telling you so don't rely entirely on marketplace on US market. See the covers here is not something that very difficult to do. So that's for that. Now let's head over to um the next one. I don't want this video to be as very long as as that. Now this is um let's check Google Trends. So you can get titles from here for your book research. I'm trying to combine book research and keyword research here for you for for everybody. So the other tools you can use to get and then it doesn't always have to be train it can something that come up okay for instance now new year is coming a lot of people are going to want to lose weight okay now see Anthony Joshua is trending because of the accident he had Zimbabwe South Africa in March you can do things like this write on them what cup is coming next year you write travel guides when you're writing travel guide you include for world cup for people that attending world cup Maybe um um where doing the work BS travel guide for people that attending you find a way to craft it right you did you translate you do and that you translate by the time you do two three there's no way you not make sales from that particular book no matter how saturated it is you have three books holding you the market most people just do one book and leave it most people just do one book and they leave it you understand so you don't want to be most people right so That's um okay that's um second then the the same thing you do apply to this ones to what is this book all about that means you copy it and you check what is the book talking about then you now create something cracks are made for Japanese for repairing what life has broken so you can create a book and name it Japanese life for creating what this thing find another title to give it instead of cracks are made for good. But you include this original one in your so um keyword even the description that way that when they search it it's going to show you understand. So you want your book to sell by leveraging on an already established author book right? So that's and then don't you see this Japanese marketplace is still profitable many people don't translate the book to Japanese transl if you translate to Japanese are going to make crazy money but they're not doing it oh you see so these are amazoncogp that's the Japanese marketplace can search for titles here just I'm just trying to tell you different marketplace even this there's this new marketplace Amazon this I think one month or two months ago check the marketplace doing checking the books why are they selling if you check a particular category check all the books here what's similar between these books right like when you're doing religion here you see many of them you talking I think it's crucification or something or pope but you see this one is wearing this and this one is wearing this one so either they Bible stories or they liter stories mostly story. So you can find a story on on it and write right Google trends. You can search for something there to I want to do Tai Chi for for weight loss. So we want to see okay how many people search for this term. No, I'm not going to use Nigeria. Let's use worldwide for instance. So the search is not leader heavy worldwide. So no need writing this on from Google like trends is not a trendy but go on Amazon and search for that title. You see a lot of books on them that have very low BSR. So we come to this BSR aspect in the US market. I don't lean out to use it in the Italian market. So that's why I didn't say anything. But you definitely has to show BSR. and know that okay this book is selling right then you come back you find things that are doing well now films that are doing well write on them maybe a review of the film a compliment of the film publish on it goes live you translate you make your own just an account per test don't try to merge too many things at the same time okay so um that's for the so without wasting much time. Let's now get into US market. So I will just close this part so it doesn't confuse me and then let's get into US market. I believe most of us do US marketplace. So that's why I'm going to do my right now. The major one concentrate concentrate find something j down right. Okay. Welcome again. Um this is Joshua Bats and um um this is my channel. I teach KDP and I try to be as detailed as possible like explain things. I've not been consistent with uploading videos which I'll try to make up for next year but for now let's make do with this one. I'm going to release this video. Right. So now when you come to Amazon you have Amazon.com. I normally leave this tab for research. Then I'll come here and open Amazon bestsellers. You also have Amazon.co.uk for Amazon UK marketplace and Amazon. So these are where I'm going to mostly do my research, right? Mhm. Mhm. So this is it. Amazon bestsellers. So it depends on the niche you are doing is under books. But all these products here, you can also check them and write product reviews about them. some maybe under electronics do product reviews about them on books. You still going to say all these things are still part of research, right? You click on books. Now you want to um this is a new list this book best um sellers and then this we're going to be doing our search. So if you check a particular title and it's selling you check the BS average BS all the books here and oh this is welcome find a way to modify your own then when you go there you can can create different versions of the book right or you can create one that serves purpose of many right so these are new releases and you see because of the extension they showing me my DBS out of these books right now I would want to do a value um I want to do a VU um keyword research for everything. See this one now weight loss the doctor's guide to medications this one is still books that I just I used to check um study so this book just came up this one to counted so that's how it is always put your keep your eyes on on them right now um there are different methods you want to do so if you want to do modeling method that you want to model books that are selling I'm going to show Then the second one is to write something vated. See we are we are not in established authors. Nobody knows you on the grand scheme of things. Nobody knows you on market Amazon. So you want to leverage on books that are already sent things that are already in demand. That's what you want to work on. You don't want to go out of the mood and create something um I don't know go like just create something nobody's looking for just because you feel like for instance I feel like okay maybe people will need to take care of their babies when they are not at home or maybe nannies are if that's what's in my mind I canize it but are people in demand of it that's what you check if people are in demand of it you charge for it and you see okay this book have a a a good amount of results and then the books that are there selling. Boom. You can write on it. For instance, let me say um okay, let's see. Yeah, let let me not mess up with this one. Let me just say I go to amazon.com and I search how to raise a dog. How to raise a dog. So, what this is there are different books on how to raise your dog. Then if you want to niche down, there are people that start how to raise a dog from three months to six months. There are people that that's what called by niching down. You not just being overall general, you are going deeper just like one class. You have department, you have student. So it's just down down. You looking for a target person, a target audience inside them. So this one is essential dog owners guide. You see 165k BSR how to raise perfect dog 7s. And if you don't know how to check BSR, you can come here and say KDP BSR calculator. This where you check how how how many sales are the book making. So you want to have an estimate and you should know that this is a day per day. Don't go and use that month because BSR can fluctuate for you have a book that is 100 KBS and the next day 1 KBS. So you know guys want to judge it for a period of time that it went live. Okay. All right. So there are different um tools that you can use for your your BSR research. Don't know what's wrong with this one. Okay. So you enter the for inance that one was 7,812 or something like that Amazon.com estimate. So this one is giving per see so it's going to forance going to giving like 30 or a day 7k should give more but let's just say it's giving 30 or a day and then this person this person price his book how much? $14.99. So if the interior of the book is let's say 100 pages that's the pricing is going to be book cost okay this is 320 pages let's just say the printing cost will be around $5 or $6 right $6 deducted from from $14.99 so you have about $8 and that will take 40 so this person making around $3 $2 per sale on this book so this is not the kind of niche you want to this is not the kind of want to come and compete with see this book has been long on the market so he's just already have the audience he doesn't need to run out again he's already making his money right so now come to Amazon bestsellers check your categories let's say I'm doing self for instance let's I'm doing self uhhuh now you check all these books here atomic easy way to build don't believe everything you think um give there are different different titles you can work on for instance now let's I want to work on forgiving what you want what you can't for forget right you now can check whether it's trademarked you have to check to TM search for for checking trademark then let's let's search for it for living can't forget Was that even the title? Forgive what I can't forget. Amazon bestsellers in New. forgive me what you can't forget. Yes, that's his title. But that you've checked the trademark and it's showing this does not mean that he's um you cancel this dead. You want to see that like so it's not really like trademark but that doesn't mean you see go and search it on Amazon. If you search it and you're not seeing any book on that means it's been copyrighted. So trademark copyright there are like different things. Amazon take care of the copyright the publisher takes care of the trademark. So you see now forget what you don't forget showing the 244 results here. That means people have even written about it journal you see but this is from the same author. You have to check whether person that is doing it. So this is the same author. I want to do the same for this one is not the same author. You see devotional for men devotional forgiving what you can't forget. So you see this person did a devotional for that book and he's selling you see so this are tips that you can get from it. Forgiving what you can't forget. Listing seriousment when reconation is impossible. This is another title but the person you not like put any of this add the author name this mean author just the title because title is not trademark so you can actually work on it you understand so these are different things that you can do check your bestseller this one forgiving you never forget this is even long this is another one the journal so you can create journal for it just find other people these people have already done but me I will not do a book that have over 300 results. I prefer something that is less than 300 150 so that I'll be able to rank faster. But even if you do that, you can publish your book and put it on free promotion. So once your books are putting on free promotion, Amazon will try to push it up for you. Right? So um I think let me stop here for the first video. Tomorrow I will release the second video. This the second video is going to be on how to do book research and keywords. So we're going to do keywords, we're going to do everything. We're going some tomorrow and we're going to do more on this new releases, bestsellers, we touch other niches. So anticipate. See you guys tomorrow. Thank you.