I found six profitable Amazon KDP low content niches you can get publishing in today that could go on to earn you hundreds or even thousands of dollars per month, especially this quarter 4. Not only am I going to be revealing these six profitable niches, I'm also going to be showing you very briefly how to create each of these books, how you can position yourself differently from the competition in these niches, and what you can do to maximize your sales this quarter 4. Without further ado, let's get right into it. All right, so let's just get right into this. Now, the first low content niche I'm going to be going over is the lowinccome savings challenge book niche. Now, this one is actually a really, really easy to get into niche. And as we can see, we have a ton of other self-publishers getting into this. $20 a day, $3 a day. Look at all these low BSRS. 40,000 BSR, 60,000, 147, 82,000. All doing really, really well. Again, even more self-publishers doing very well in this niche. If we take a look here at Kip Scout rating of this page, it's actually gone through all the listings, judged it by a little bit of criteria, and it's actually determined that this book niche is profitable. So, basically, the Kip Scouts like AI has kind of scanned the entire page, looked over how each of the books are selling, and then determined that there's enough demand and low enough competition that we made a book in here. We could actually make some money. And if you look at the average revenue for each of these books, look at this one. Over $1,100 a month for this one. 434, 230, 691, 46, 655. A lot of these books are just killing it in this niche. Look, this one, another one over a,000 bucks. So, yeah, these books definitely have a lot of demand. People are definitely buying these books and a lot of self-publishers are earning in this niche. If we take a look at one of the higher selling books in this niche, we can see again over $1,100 a month. And then let's check what the pages on the inside actually look like. If we take a look, you can see that these pages are super duper basic. It's literally just like clip art with like a number inside of it that person can fill in. So basically what a person would be doing when they're buying this book is that there would be a bunch of like little circles with number values like how much money the person wants to save and then every time they actually save that amount of money, they just draw in the little shape. All right, so the next niche we're going to take a look at is actually the blood sugar log book uh for diabetics niche. So, as you can see, we have a bunch of self-publishers in here as well. Some of them doing pretty well. Look at this. $26,000 BSR, $15 a day. I would assume probably like a couple hundred a month in royalties for this person. This one right here, 100,000. This one's doing pretty well. 34,000. This one's doing excellent. Couple hundred a month from this guy as well. These guys all self-published. Doing good. Good. This one right here, 36,000. Doing excellent. And yeah, basically what sets apart these books is basically just the cover art. because on the interior, most of these books are actually just the same. And most of these we could create very, very easily inside of Canva. So, I'll go ahead and show you guys what the interior of these books kind of looks like. It just looks like this, a tiny little um like blood sugar log that a person who has diabetes can fill out throughout the day as they like prick their finger and like do like a blood test kind of thing. And you could actually really really easily create this inside of Canva. All it really is is you just take like a little spreadsheet, make the little boxes, type in each of the times of the day, what date it is, the notes, and you could very, very easily create these kinds of log books inside of Canva in just a couple of minutes. If you guys want a tutorial on how to create these kinds of log books, let me know in the comments and I will see if I can get to it. The next book niche that has a ton of potential is the Christian word search book niche. These are basically Christian themed word search books that people are creating and self-publishing. And if you look at the top page, we have some that are doing very well. 3,000 BSR, 98,000 BSR, 97,000 BSR. These ones are all self-published, too. 519,000. And yeah, they're overall doing very, very well. If we take a look at this one with zero reviews, $1099, only published about a month ago, is probably making at least like 100, $200, $300 a month in royalties. And I'd bet you as Christmas comes around, this niche will absolutely explode. If we take a look at Kipc Scout, Kipc Scout's AI has basically scanned the entire page and determined that this niche is actually super profitable. As we can see right here, if we take a look at some of these books, look, this one's doing over almost $7,000 a month in revenue. This one 24,000. Even some of these smaller ones, $500 a month, $500 a month. This one 6,000. on this one. 9,000 8,000 2,000 4,400 1,000 538 3,000. Tons and tons of these books are being sold. So, we know that there's a lot of demand for this. And we can see that these publishers are doing very, very well. So, let's go ahead and create our own Christian word search book right now. So, the tool we're going to be using to create our own Christian word search book is going to be lital.ai. And once you have some credits for Lip Pal, I personally recommend the yearly plans cuz you save, but the monthlies are good, too, if you want to just try out the platform. We're just going to head over to the dashboard. And then from inside the dashboard, we're going to head over to the word search generator. And then for my Christian word search, I'm just going to put the title as Christian. Then I'll make the theme Christian. And the description will also be Christian. And then the number of pages, I'll set the number of pages to 50 pages. And then I'll make the words for puzzle 15. Uh, and then I'll do the grid size to be 2020. That looks very good. And then I'm just going to press create word search book right here. And then as you can see, it'll just load for usually the entire book is actually created in just a couple minutes. And just like that, guys, in literally less than 2 minutes, as you guys saw, uh, as you guys can see right here, it says created 1 minute ago. It generated the entire 50page word search book for us. And it even chose all the words for us. As you can see, chose some pretty good like biblical uh themed words right here. and it actually formatted the entire book for us. Lit Pal is the only word search generator on the entire internet for KDP that not only will find the entire word list for you, but also format everything for you. So, I didn't have to look for any of the words myself. I didn't have to format any of it using some other random software. It did it all for me in less than 2 minutes using AI. So, just to show you guys what the pages kind of look like when you're done, I'll just press export PNG and I'll open that in a new tab. And this is kind of what it looks like. It'll automatically format the entire page for you. Even puts the words in here. Makes it look all nice. And then it'll also do the answer key for you. So, you don't even have to format the answer keys either. As you can see, it found all the words for me. It aligns perfectly. Put in all the words here. And yeah, it's just looking really, really good overall. And then it did the same exact thing for all 50 pages. Again, choosing super good words for the word search. And yeah, if you guys want to try out lip pal.i, I it'll be the top link in the description. It is the fastest way to create pretty much any kind of book for Amazon KDP. If you guys want to learn how to make more word search books, I actually have a ton of videos on my channel where I specifically go into how to create word search books incredibly fast with AI for different niches. I actually also have linked below some free templates you guys can actually use to create your books incredibly fast. And we actually also have a word search book template you guys can literally just copy and paste and use for yourselves inside of Amazon KDB. So if you want all that, lip pal.io will be the top link in the description. And this Canva templates document will be will also be linked down there. So the next niche we're going to be taking a look at is the daily mood tracker journal niche. And this one's one that's actually been blowing up a little bit recently. As you guys can see here, there are lots of self-publishers getting into this niche. And these books are actually really, really easy to create. If if you guys take a look right here, this self-published book is doing over $1,000 a month in revenue. And all it is is a super simple mood tracker kind of journal. And this could very very easily be created with with Canva. As you can see, it's really really simple. Just some basic kind of journaling prompts, some like checkboxes, some like really really basic looking icons. And yeah, I mean overall it's looking really really easy to create. In fact, actually, if we just search up mood tracker into Canva on the templates page, we can see a ton of just free Canva templates we can use to make our own like version of this book. And some of these actually look really, really good. So, if you wanted to create a mood tracker book super quickly with Canva and publish it to KDP, you could do so like literally today. And all you'd have to do is copy and paste these Canva templates into KDP. So, the next niche we're going to be looking into is the notary log book niche. So, as you guys can see, there's a lot of Amazon FBA sellers where basically they printed out these books in China and then started selling them on on Amazon. But, as you can see, some of them are actually self-published. Like this one right here is actually doing very well. $22 in royalties a day, about $600 a month this person is making off their book. And as you can see, it's actually a best seller as well. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if it's actually making more money from KDP than what it says here. So, if we just take a look at the listing right here, we can see us making over $1,000 a month in revenue.4 43,000 BSR. I mean, if we take a look at what's actually inside the book, it's just these super simple notary record like printable pages that this person's just gone ahead and copy and pasted into their book. If we take a look, if we just search up notary log book onto Google, we can see that these pages are really, really, really simple to create inside of something like Canva. Like, we could easily make this exact same page in Canva, copy and paste it a bunch of times, and then sell it on KDP as a full book. As we saw earlier, this person's book is bringing in over $1,000 in revenue every single month on Amazon KDP. And all it is is just these very basic copy and pasted kind of like templates basically. Now, the last niche we're going to be looking at in this video is a really, really great niche that I think has a lot of potential, and that is the caregiver log book niche. As we can see, a bunch of self-published authors getting into this. We can see that there's proven demand. Look at all these very low BSR um books being there. There's a lot of order volume for these. If we take a look at this one right here, this self-published one that's doing pretty well. This one's doing $600 a month in revenue. And again, as you can see, really, really simple pages. All we have is some basic like little check boxes, some like little writing spaces like the day of the week, and yeah, just really, really simple stuff. You could very easily copy this and make this inside of Canva and publish your own book just like this one to Amazon KDP. And just like that, guys, that's going to wrap it up for today's video. I hope you guys go ahead and execute on this and make some profitable lowc content books that you can sell this quarter for. I bet you these books are going to start selling very, very well over the next couple months and they're actually evergreen. So, a lot of these will actually sell all year round. Again, guys, if you guys want to check out the free templates, I've linked in the description. They're 100% free for you guys to use. And again, lital.ai AI will be the top link in the description. If you want to create word search books incredibly fast with AI, I have a ton of tutorials on my channel about how you can create AI books incredibly fast. So, go ahead and check those out after you finish with this video. One more thing I want to ask from you guys is please, please subscribe. I'm almost at 5,000 subscribers and I would really really appreciate it if you subscribed. It would mean the world to me. And I just want to thank you guys for all the support we've been receiving on the channel recently. So I hope you guys have enjoyed this video and as always guys stay publisher.