What if as a publisher you can predict the exact kind of competitors you want to be competing with? Now, in this video, I'm going to be showing you how to know the exact people you want to be competing with, like the exact kind of, you know, publishers you want to be competing with. I'm going to be showing you how to use Book Beam to get a profitable keyword that people want to spend money on. Not only get this profitable keyword, but also choose the kind of people and the number of people you want to be competing with. Let's get started. Welcome back to my YouTube channel, guys. It's Value Bank here. Now, I think I'm so excited creating this particular video because in 2 days time is my birthday, right? And I actually have a lot of freebies to give to my online cousins to people who has actually supported the YouTube channel. You understand? So, I'll be giving out my courses for a very discounted price and also be giving out my Google Play Boost course for free. I will also be giving out my aggregator course for free which is how to publish on draft two digital. You understand? Now if this is the first time of you seeing my video, please do well to subscribe to the value bank YouTube channel. I literally create videos on how you can use book publishing to make money on the internet. And if you are already a subscriber, make sure you like this video. Now in this video just like I said in the intro of the video I am going to be showing you how to get highelling profitable keyword with book beam. You understand? So you are going to use book beam to get highelling profitable keyword in any niche of your choice. If you are into the biography niche, the tech niche, the cookbook, travel guide or any niche at all. I am going to be showing you how to you know get profitable keyword profitable highelling keywords. Now not just get this keyword but also you are you'll be able to determine the number of people and the kind of people you want to compete with. You understand? Now the first thing you have to do and the tool we'll be using is book beam. Now if you don't have book beam as a publisher I think I don't know I don't know but you really need book beam you understand you are missing a lot of money because book beam will help you you know make things easy for you when it comes to your book publishing business you understand so if you are in book beam and you've logged in what you want to do is go to this re research section you understand now when you get to this research section you will see a lot of things here you see niche finder Chrome extension category history trademark checker which means you can also check for your trademark in book beam you understand so click on niche finder now when you get to niche finder you will see a lot of you know things that you can use in you know setting the metrics of your choice. The first thing you actually notice here is here that you are seeing marketplace. You understand? Now if you click on this uh little drop down little drop down here you see that we have about 1 2 3 4 5 six countries here. Now these are the countries that Book Beam has you know analyzed to be the bestselling you know marketplaces on Amazon. You understand? So if you write the book in English that means the US English you can translate it to German, Italy, French and Spain. You understand? And these books will also do well in these market places. You understand? There are some books that will do well in like the German market and might not really do well in the US market. But one thing you just have to know that the US has the largest marketplace when it comes to Amazon KDP. You understand? So what you want to do first of all is to set your this metrics you know to the US filter it to the US because it's the largest marketplace. If you also want to do your research based on like the marketplace you want to publish on. You don't want to like publish on English then translate it to other marketplace. You want to know books that are selling in a particular marketplace. You can just come and choose the marketplace here. You understand? But for this video, I'll be using thei United States. You understand? Now the next thing that you also see here is what you are seeing. It is called precept. If you click on this, you'll see that there are different options in this place. You can see top selling self-published book. You are seeing new highselling self-published books. Top self-published book with low rating. Now what this actually means that if you filter this like this you will get what the books that will actually come up for you when you click on let me scroll down when you click on find books will be books that are top selling books but with low star rating it means like they don't have a high star rating you understand now but the books are actually selling you get now you also have top selling self-published with low rating then top selling self-published journals and all that you get. You can filter this to top selling self-published books you get. Now when you filter it, it will automatically show you actually get this filter right here automatically. Now what book beam has filtered what you are seeing to is that first of all you have this bestseller rank here. You understand? You have sales per day. You have number of ratings. You have rating which is like the star rating from 1 to 5. You have price which is from 1 to 100. Then you have 0 to 60 like which is how old the books are. You understand? Now if you have to filter anything here or you have to touch anything here for you to know like the kind of people you want to be competing with. One thing you want to work on is the number of rating. You understand? For example, if you filter this to let's get this to zero to let me say 100. Let's say we filter it from 0 to 100 and we'll still actually have this here. What this actually means is that books that have you know reviews like 100 zero to 100 reviews are books that will come up when you click on find my books which means you can set this you know uh you can filter this to like the number of books like you you can compete with you understand now if you have books that are 0 to 100 you know in rating you can get 20 views for that your particular ular book and also do well in that particular niche or that particular keyword. You understand? Because the reviews on that particular niche or that particular keyword is not much. That means you can also compete with your 15 ratings, with your 20 ratings, with your 30 r with your 30 reviews. You understand? You can compete with these books. Another place you also want to fitter here is this place. You understand? You want to make sure that you filter it to be in a place whereby most of the books like if you put it in 12 here it means if you place here on 12 you to 12 it means the books that will be coming up are not further or not higher than 12 months like a year old. You understand? It's between 1 year or 0 year to 12 uh 0 months to 12 you understand to a one year you understand. So that is the this what this actually gives to you. If you want like a new new book you can f it here. Another thing for you to understand about this fitter the more this goes high the more result you will get like the more result book beam actually gets to you when you click on find. You understand? So the best option and the sweet spot for this when you are doing your research you can actually take this to maybe 18 that means books that are from 1 to 18,000 bestseller rank will come up you understand but the sweet spot according to what book beam has qualified to be top selling self-published book are from you know the 35 bestseller ranks below and this actually means that when you click on find and all these book actually pop up all the books actually pop up you will see like it will take you to the next page take you to the next page those book until you actually exhaust you know the books and the result it you know gets to show you no book there will be higher than 35 you understand it will be between 1 to 35 bestseller rank you understand So add from there which means and you have to also understand that the lower the bestseller rank on Amazon the higher those books are doing. So if you have a book with a number one hashtag bestseller rank, it means that that book is the most selling book on a particular niche or on Amazon if it has to be like in the general book section. You understand? So what you have to work on here is top selling self-published books. You f it to this. you f some people can actually decide to filter this to 50 reviews which means books that are below books that are between 0 to 50 are the books that will actually come up which means if you have a book with 20 reviews 10 reviews you can compete with this book and you've optimized your page very well you've written a good book you've known that this book this keyword is selling and you've actually done a good book launch and you've optimized your page very well now Don't underestimate and don't play away the you know the power of launching your book properly and optimizing your book because where most people actually make mistake is thinking that they they see a good keyword they have written a good book and they don't learn this book very well you understand there are some niches that can sell like that which like niches like trend niche this thing is trending people want to learn about this stuff so they are getting books about it like uh let me say like Charlie kick that is trending right now. You understand? You can do a book about it that is related to him and you'll be sure that that book will sell very well. You understand? So that is a kind of a biography kind of book it will sell very well. And if you create a biography book on someone that is popular just know that if people are going to Amazon to search for that particular person or anything related to them and they see a book that is related to these kind of people they are going to buy. Now, in my next video, I might do a video on the top five niches you should be publishing your books on right now that will make you the most amount of money. If you want that video to be done, you can actually comment on the comment section that you want it to be done. And if you also have a video request, you can also request the video. If you are liking this video, just make sure that you give the video a thumbs up. So if you are done setting up this like this, the next thing you want to do is to go to this section where you see select category. You understand? Then you click on this. You see that we have different niches here. We have act and photography, biography and memo, book and CD, business and money calendar, children books, Christian book, life. We have a lot of niches here. For example, let me say you are into cookbook or you are into travel guide or you are into any of these niches. All you just have to do is to let me say I am doing cookbook or computer and technology or anything. Let me just click on cookbook. You understand? And I said this precepts like this. I have set this to this. I've said this to this. And one thing you should also understand immediately you click on any of these niches if it does not align with h like the top selling uh whatever that you have here the f will actually go up but what you want to know that is you've already found the sweet spot sweet spot which is 35 bestseller rank to one you understand and you can set this to anything some people can decide to take it to 5,000 it doesn't matter but the more you bring it this to this point the more books will appear for you to choose from. You understand? So you want to make sure that you streamline and know the number of people compete with in terms of review in terms of bestseller rank. The bestseller rank actually indicates that these books are doing well and they are selling. If you actually do a search on the books that are going to be coming up in the find, you'll see that most of the books because of their under this 35 bestseller rank below to one, they are doing well. You understand? Because you have set it to this. If you set it to this you to more than like 1,000 or you set it to 5,000, you will see more books. But for me, I just want to keep it at 100. You understand? and I just want to keep it at 100, which means if I have like 20 review and I've optimized my page very well, add my A+ content, editorial review, you know, add a lot of things that will make my book sell, a book cover, a good backend keyword and everything like everything is well optimized. I can create a book that can actually sell in any of this niche that you use this method to find. So I have chosen cookbook for your niche. You can look for your niche here and choose and just filter it to this. Then just like I said you can filter this to anything. Leave this like this. Then this place again you can say you want to search for books that are around the let me say 24 months which is like 2 years. Let me say 20 months. You understand? Then you come here and you click on find. So once you click on find book beam will actually do its thing. You will just allow book beam to actually give you the result. So it has given us the result and you you know the niche that you actually searched on which is a cookbook and uh one thing you also know not is that if you look at this point bookw will tell you how much this book is priced if it is independent publisher. Another thing yes this filter you set it to books. You understand this place you set it to books. Then this place that you are seeing publisher you can set set it to all publishers which means it will also include uh books that are not self-published like books that are branded created by brands and all that like the dummies and most of these strong brands that we have on Amazon. So you must make sure that you filter it to self-publish which means any book that will be coming up in this search are created and uploaded on Amazon by independent publishers like you. Book beam is made for independent publishers to actually profit on Amazon. That is what you need to understand. So if you don't have Book Beam, you can actually send me a DM and I will look for a way for you to actually get Book Beam. You understand? But it comes with a price. So since we click on find book now what you want to do first of all is to look at this stuff here. You see the star ratings. You see this this one actually has 24 review. This one have 51 review here. This one actually have 94. So you just see uh reviews books that are below like you see that we set it from 0 to 100. You understand? So these are books that you can compete with. When I tell you that this is the sweet spot is the sweet spot. You can take it to 300. You can take it to 500. You understand? But not more than 1,000. Do you understand? Is also the sweet spot. But this 100 I have seen is the sweet spot for me. So the next thing you also find is the bestseller rank of those book. You see this particular book is created by an independent publisher which means you can replicate this particular stuff that you actually see here. This book is actually making 43 sales in a month and is actually making $365 in a month. And the book is actually priced at $19. You understand? Which means is like the paperback version of the book. Now, if you come down to this, you see that the bestseller rank is 7,500. This book is actually making 118 sales, making $500 plus dollars, and it's priced at $12 and is written by an independent publisher. If you come down again, you see that this book is at like the bestseller rank is 11,000 and it's making 500 pluses and is making about 3,000 pluses independent publisher. Someone who is wise will look at this book right there and try to create a book around it. If you can create a better book that this guy that you are seeing here, you can actually beat them. And one thing you need to understand is they don't have a lot of reviews but they are making a lot of money. You understand? They don't have a lot of reviews but they are making a lot of money. Which means if you go into this particular keyword and you do a good book around this using my irresistible method first of all you learn how to get on organic sales because I have students that are not only organic sales that are getting organic review before I will teach you how to get like the main review which means you don't have to spend money to actually get this review. You see this my birthday that is coming up in the next two days. I want to use it to actually get people in so that you can experience what real teaching and what real mentorship is when it comes to Amazon KDP book publishing. You understand? So if you have actually found this like this, the next thing you want to do is to open this in another tab. So let's close up some of these tabs. Okay. Let's close this up. Let's close this. Let's close this. Let's close this. Close this. Close this. Close this. Close this. Okay, let's see. Okay, this is what we have here. So, if you have this, one thing you want to now do is since you already see the book, just open it in a new tab. Now, this is in a new tab. Open this one in a new tab. You understand? So, and another thing you should understand is this. You see that this book have like this one has a lower bestseller rank than this one, but this one is making more money than this. You see that this book is actually priced at $22.99 which is like the paperback. You understand? Also, pricing is another thing that will give you a lot of money when it comes to this book publishing thing. You have to just understand how to do this and you have to understand how to create a quality book. You get and you see that this book actually has 94 review which means if you also create a book around this guy that you are seeing here, you also make money. Another thing you also understand is that this book was created 10 months ago and this book was created one month ago and is actually making about 500 plus. See there are a lot of secret that you need to understand Amazon KDP. You just need the right person to teach you. You get? So I hope you guys will actually use this video and do justice to your business. I don't want anybody to complain that you are not seeing sales. I'm revealing secrets to you that will make you massive money in this business. You understand? So this other one, open it in a new tab. You get we've opened it. You can see this one. This one is actually making about 200 plus. Making about 900 plus. Let's see this one that is making $4,000 in a month. 400 and something sales. You understand? Okay. Let's open it in new tab. So all you just have to do when you open it in a new tab. Let's go and see this particular book. Okay. So you have to now take the main keyword. Okay. Let's take the main keyword. Let me refresh. Okay. Then do a search on it. If you do a search on it, the first thing you will notice is that the results here, the competition is less than 100. And if you don't have like Titan's quick view, the free, this one is a free to installed. Just go and get it installed. It's a free tool. You don't have to pay for this one. But what this actually helps you do is show you metrics that you can use to make decision. You need to make decision fast. And see as you are seeing a keyword that is hot your the next what you should just be doing is to make sure that you publish your so that you can start profiting from that keyword you don't have to waste time. Some people will do research and they will gather like 100 keyword and they will not write on that 100 keyword before the year finish when they will want to write on that keyword other people have written on that keyword and they eating up all the money that keyword now is saturated in terms of the number of people that are published on it. Please you guys will pay attention as you see a keyword that is selling and you know that this keyword ah this keyword is doing very well just go ahead and start doing a book on it you understand now one thing now I will teach you about this titan preview you see all this metric first of all what is giving us here is what is giving us here which is the number of people that you might be competing with and one thing you should understand about this is that not this like all these 900 and something people the number of compet that you can only have here that have written a book related to this particular keyword that you are looking at can just be 100 which means you have a high chance of making money on this particular keyword. You guys should pay attention and I hope you are enjoying the video. If you are enjoying the video, please give the video a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to the value bank YouTube channel. If this is that one video that you have to send to someone that is struggling with their Amazon KDP business, please let it be this video. You understand? So you have seen the number of competitors we have and I've told you not everyone in this 900 are your competitors. Your major competitors here can just be 100. They might not even reach 100 but let's just keep it at that. You get now another thing you actually look at here is this place that you are seeing exact match. This exact match means that the numbers of books in this first page that is that has come up like this. The number of book in this first page that came up with this exact this sor start for beginners you understand are four which means four independent publishers here have written a book on this book that is making about $4,000 every single month you understand and out of the 16 books this 16 that you are seeing here are 16 books on this first page out of the 16 book on this particular ular first page you are seeing that 10 of these people are independent publisher. Now this is an indication that this particular keyword is a safe keyword because you have more of independent publishers that have done book on this particular keyword which also means you can now take the decision of creating a book on this. The another metric you should also look at is this nit score. You see that this one I don't really use this if you are you've seen this the competition you've seen that you have exact match here you've seen that you have independent publisher like the more independent publisher you have the more se that keyword is and the more you know faster you should make decision on actually doing a book on that particular keyword so the next one just like I said is showing us green which means in this particular niche this door niche you understand I I don't know if sand door but it's showing us that we should go ahead and do a book on it. If we do a book on it we'll make money. So let's come down. Let me show you another metrics that you look at. Now I've given you this metric of niche score the metric of exact match the metric of competitor the metric of independent publisher. You understand? Please if you are doing a book the competition should not be if you want to the competition should not be more than 1,000. You understand? If you really want to hit it hard, this is if you are publishing on a niche that is not trend. If you are doing trend, let the person just be popular. That is what you need. Let the person be trending like biography. That is what you need. You understand? You don't need all these metrics you get. So just come down. If you come down, what you want to look at here is you see that this book is self-published which is like the book the first the like the book that we use in searching for this particular is self-published. Now what you want to look at is and the metrics you want to use. Now if books under this particular keyword are let me just give you below 100,000 that are here you understand one to 100,000 let it not be more than 100,000 but some people can just tell you that 150 you can go with 150 150 you can actually go with 150 you understand which means the book is selling but it's not that selling you get but it's selling so if you see a book with 11,000 bestseller and This actually means that this book is actually doing well. You understand? And according to what book beam actually gave us, it book beam told us that this particular book, let's check that book is actually selling about 577 making about 570. This only this particular book is making about 500 which means in this general niche this book is actually doing more than that. You understand? So let's go back to that guy. Okay, not this guy, this guy. So let's come down. So the next one you want to see here is you see Sor start the step by step. You are seeing start here. You are seeing Sor which is like Sor starter. You understand? But this one is sponsored but you see that the book is also doing well. Is it written by an independent publisher? No. This guy is a bad guy. This particular guy I've studied them for a very long time. If you are in my inner circle mentorship, the zero to Amazon KDP, there's one video I want, there one particular video, one particular video I want to do about this Kalisto guys. These guys are like the most intelligent people I've seen on Amazon. I want to do one particular video, one particular video about them and you see that this book is a bestseller. Most of their books are bestsellers. You understand? I want to review a secret to you. So let's come to this one now. Okay. So this one is the book that we saw. Okay. Let's come down. Let's look at this. Okay, this is not an independent publisher. What you want to look at is independent publishers. Kalisto. Okay. Okay. So, this Kalisto this Kalisto guy something. Okay. Independent publisher. You see the bestseller rank is between that $100 but is making sales you understand but not that much and you see that the page number is not even much but this guy is also making sales and this guy actually have about 98 review. You see that the book that is doing only have 55 which means with your 20 review 15 review you can actually do well if you optimize your book very well and you have done well in terms of your keyword optimization you get. So let's go. Okay. This person also is an independent publisher. Now, we found three independent publisher under 100,000, you know, BSL that are doing well. This person is also selling. And this person is actually making about three sales per day, which is about how many sales per month. And he's making about $6 per day. If you calculate that per month, you know how much that is. And this person uploaded this published this book on August 2024. But the book is doing well. So, don't start data for beginners. If you come down again, let's see if we see another one. Okay, this person. Okay. Okay. Is not okay. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see if this person is an independent publisher. Sponsored book. Okay. Independent publisher. Again, some don't start for beginners. You understand? And you see that? Okay. This one is over that. Now we've seen about like three and on the metric I am going to be giving to you if you see at least three you understand independent publisher that are doing well you see that we saw three one is 70 the other one is 70 the other one is 11,000 and the next one we actually saw is about uh what was it called this this one also is an independent publisher you see is related to that sor it's an independent publisher and they actually have our 90 which is also between that $100 which means we have now seen four and this person is actually making about one to two sales per day $14 per day calculate it in a month and you know how much they are making it means that this particular keyword that you are seeing is profitable even if you don't search for have to go and look for search volume on on book beam you understand it has shown you that this particular one is selling and the Reason why I said is selling and you will know it's selling is on the bestseller rank. The lower the bestseller ranks the higher that that book are selling. You understand? So if you have this metrics you can now say okay this keyword is a profitable keyword. You take it and you put it in your keyword bank where you have your keyword that you want to publish on you which means you've gotten a good keyword. And I want you guys to pay attention to the metrics I gave to you people. Number one metrics is the number of competitor. Let it not be higher than you know 1,000. Number two, let there be independent publishers on that particular niche at least three that have done book that are doing well. You understand with bestseller rank below 100,000 that are doing well. Number four, let me go top to the top, is the number of independent publisher on the first page. The more the independent publisher on the first page, the safer it is for you to publish on that particular keyword. You understand? And number five, the exact match, which means the number of books on that first speed that also have that. This one doesn't really matter, but what you want is at least if you have it, it's you have like you have like an ultimate keyword that you can work on like this particular keyword. Now, if you are into cookbook, you can pick it up and do a book on it. You understand? Me, I don't look for keyword because I already know how to find them. In the zero to Amazon KDP blueprint, I taught about 10 different method of getting profitable keyword that sell themselves. So when it comes to keyword, I really understand how to get profitable keyword in any niche, biography, tech, whatever niche, how to get it, I understand it. You understand? So let's go back to book beam. So most of this one that you've opened, you understand? So, this is how you go ahead and actually check for like this. You just have to come down and be looking at them. You see that this one is making 3,000. This one is making 3,700. This one is making 3,900. Just check for them one after the other. Anyone that is not profitable, you know that it is not profitable. This one is actually making about 518. See, making about $3,700 in a month and is price 16. You also get a price idea from this book that are doing well. Do you understand? So in the course I actually talked about a sweet spot on how you should price that is the in the book launch section of the course a sweet spot on how you can actually price your book to make the most amount of money that you can make you get. to you just look at them like these ones now I've opened I'll just look at uh take this do a search on like the main keyword you understand do a search on it you understand you see now this one is about 71 uh what was it is 71. The compion is 71. Let's look at if it is something that we can go into. Do you understand? And it's also written by an independent publisher. But the book is doing very very well. So this is how you actually look at them one after the other. If it meets the metrics I have discussed in this particular video, you can go on with it. You understand? You can go on in publishing and you know that okay this particular keyword is a profitable keyword. I have seen like you you now see we have six independent publisher in this we have two exact match which is two books that are with this particular keyword on this first page and the N score is showing us zero but we have a keyword that is doing very well and if you go to book beam now let's go to that book which is this book this book is actually doing about 500 and something which means it's not doing up to this one that we saw you understand it's not doing up to this one that he saw but it is selling. You understand? If you want to throw a book on it, you can also throw a book on it. Let it just be that you have a book on this and you also can compete with this particular person and you see that this person only have 24 reviews. So you can come here, do a better book than this person, do a better cover, do a better optimization, and you take over this market. This sales that this guy is seeing, you eat on part of the sales. You understand? So that is one way to actually make another decision. If you see a book like that that is not necessarily you see that this niche corner is not something that we actually look at but the book itself is actually making about 100 plus sales in a month which is not that much but it is still sales. You understand? What you want to make sure that is that you create books that are picking up sales here and there when you accumulate it. You get your 5K, you get your 10K, you get your 50K in a month. You get for people who are okay with 500, you get your 500. For people who are okay with 1K, you get your 1K in a month. You understand? So, you look at it. This is the book here. You understand? If you come down, you see another book self-published. The bestseller rank is not even showing. You get you see another book Kalisto. This Kalisto are these guys. Okay. You see another book. You see another one independent publisher but it's about 1 million something which means this particular keyword is not really selling but it's picking up one or two you understand. So you go to the other ones that you've opened in a new tab if it meets the metric you just you understand put it in your keyword bank and you do a book on it just like I said as you are seeing it as it is as selling just be doing a book on it. Don't do a research on a part a keyword and you now leave it there. Later in the next few months that you start working on those books before you go and work on those book other publishers like you who understand keyword research have seen that keyword and they have already you know taken advantage of the profit in that keyword. So before you even publish that is when you now start hearing oh this keyword was profitable when I was doing this but I've done a book on it and it's not selling. This is the reason because you do not reject that keyword that you've searched for that was profitable 4 months ago. You understand? Look, you see this KDP, you need someone that understand this stuff to teach you. Just like I said in my birthday, I'll be doing a lot of freebies to a lot of people. I might be going live on the 20th of September, which is my birthday. I might be going live to teach people like the different niches you need to start publishing on that will make you real money. And I can also explain how you can get keywords on these niches. I might talk about like fast selling niches and how you can write a book on them on my birthday. You understand? And I'll also be giving out like access to my course to let me say three persons for free. So, if you be in the live on that live and watch the live to the end and listen to the offer and I will also be giving out a lot of just like I said a lot of freebies for free just to make sure we have a good number of people that are that really understand Amazon KDP and that are really making real money not you know having to pay for a course and these people don't you know are not there to mentor you or they just abandon you or anything like that. You need a true mentor who actually cares about your success which is what I have made myself available to make sure that people really succeed in this KDP business. You understand? I have I actually believe that you've gotten a lot of value in this video. Please just do me one favor. Make sure you subscribe to the Value Bank YouTube channel if you're not subscribed and make sure you like this video. Like the video and make sure you share the video. Be sharing my video. Let's get this guy to 10,000 subscriber before this year ends. I know I've given you a lot of value in this channel and most people have used you know the information in this channel to earn money on Amazon. You understand? They have used the information in this channel to earn money on Amazon. I was a call with someone who actually wanted to get the zero to Amazon KDP course yesterday and he told me that from the YouTube video alone he has been using it to actually get results and this has also been so for a lot of people you get so you just need to get like the premium and I have to just tell people truth you see what I have on YouTube here is just like 2% of what I have in the course you understand you will never see that kind of information anywhere you understand so this is not me actually trying to promote a Because this is me actually just trying to offer solution to the publishing community. If you are not in the mentorship, you are actually missing a lot. In the next two days is my birthday. And don't forget the flyers will be out for maybe the life that I want to do. I might decide to do a Twitter space or I might decide to do a YouTube live. Anyone but I'll be giving out access to my course for free. And also for people who might not be able to win the grand prize to get into the course for free will also have a chance of getting all my courses I've created for a very affordable price. Thank you so much for watching. As always, I am Value Bank and I'll be rooting for you all from afar. God bless you.