Look at this book it's making around $14,000 a month on Amazon in pure profit. And this one here around $15,000 a month. Now, what do these two books have in common? Well, not only do they have great cover designs, but they rank high up in the Amazon searches for various search terms that we call keywords. And as a result of ranking high, they get a lot of traffic to their books and more traffic means more sales. And it's because they've done research to find those search terms that get traffic on Amazon. And finding these keywords is where Helium 10 comes in. It's a web based software suite of all these different research modules that can help our books get ranked and get seen on Amazon and give us a better chance of making sales, because it gives us a better chance of getting our books ranked highly on Amazon. So I'm going to show you three ways that I use it. Number one is finding valuable keywords. So look at this, I've decided to create a handwriting workbook. I go over to Helium 10 and open up the Magnet keyword research tool in the search bar I enter handwriting workbook and hit get keywords. And if we scroll down, we can see that it gives me all the related search terms, or keywords, that customers are using on Amazon when searching for items to buy, in this case, a handwriting workbook. And these are the two important columns here. The search volume, which is how popular is that particular search term, the higher the better, and competing products, which is basically the competition for these particular search terms and the lower, the better. The lower means less competition. And so we can sort these columns in terms of the higher search volume at the top. And then we can check for each keyword what the competing products are. So we're after those keywords, like this one here with a high search volume and low number of competing products. And I normally look for books with competing products of 1000 or less. And Helium 10 will actually give us a kind of a ratio, which is this Magnet IQ score. The higher, the better. It means that ratio to search volume and competing products is higher. So we can go through all these keywords, rank them in order and then select them and pick those keywords that we want to put in our title, subtitle and seven keyword boxes of our books. And the second way I use Helium 10 is by spying on my competitors. Now imagine you find a book that's selling well, like this coloring book here. How powerful would it be to know what keywords this book is ranking well for and driving all the traffic to it. And this is where I use the Helium 10 Cerebro reverse product lookup tool. I open the tool, go over. To Amazon, grab the ASIN number. And then in Cerebro, I enter that number into the search bar, click get keywords, and here it will tell us all the keywords that this book is ranking for on Amazon. And this is extremely powerful because we have the search volume for each keyword, like we did before, and also the number of competing products. But what we have here is the organic rank of each keyword. And this tells us where this book is ranking and what position it's ranking for on Amazon for that particular keyword. So as you can see here, we've got all these organic rankings of one, which means it's ranking in the top spot for these particular keywords. And we know that if it's ranking highly for a particular keyword, it's going to get a lot of search traffic for that particular keyword. So we can tell what keywords are bringing all the traffic to this particular book and therefore driving sales and therefore making all the money. So what we can do is use those keywords, put them into the keyword research tool, find those related keywords. And we can also target these keywords, again, in the title of our book or subtitle or seven keyword boxes. So this is very powerful indeed. Now the third way I use Helium 10 is for monitoring my books. Imagine you've got all these valuable keywords, you hit publish and send it out into the Amazon abyss, but you don't really want to just set and forget it because you want to know what's happening to that book, where it is in the rankings on Amazon. And this is where the keyword tracker comes in. And I'll show you, with an example of one of my books. Now this is an isometric graph paper notebook, and here I'm tracking four keywords. And what it will tell us is for each keyword, the search volume, the number of competing products, but importantly, it tells us where our book is ranking on Amazon. And here it'll tell us where it is ranking organically. So for this particular keyword isometric notebook, it tells me I'm ranking at spot number three. And it will also tell us where it's ranking in the sponsored rankings, and that's the Amazon ads. At the moment. It says greater than 96, because I'm not actually running any ads on this book, but what we can also do by clicking on this graph is have a look at where it's ranking over time. What use would this be? Well, it means you can optimize your books. Now you can't change the title or subtitles of your books, but you can change the seven keyword boxes, but also you can test things like changes in cover designs. Might be subtle changes like colors or wording on the front cover. And also you can monitor the changes. You make if you are running Amazon ads on your books. Something like changes in bid prices. You can see what happens to the rankings on Amazon as well. So what are the pros and cons of Helium 10? Well, it's got a large database of keywords. You can get detailed figures for the number of searches on Amazon per month, which you can't get by doing free methods of research on Amazon. You can spy on competitor's books and also you can spy on your own books, which is quite powerful if you are running ads on your books, you can optimize them even more for your keywords. You can track the rankings of the keywords you pick, and the cons are, well, it's a subscription based software. It's not a one off payment. And it is a little bit more expensive than most of its rivals, but you do get what you pay for in terms of the amount of information. And actually you don't need to purchase all the modules. You can purchase just individual modules and you can actually sign up for free, which will give you some limited access to some of the modules so you can test them out yourself. I'll leave a link below in the description for Helium 10. If you want to check it out further. Now, if you are interested in checking out other keyword research tools, I have done this video here, where I compare Helium 10 with the two other most common keyword tools that people use for their KDP books. Thank very much for your time. It is very much appreciated. Don't forget to hit that subscribe button and until next time, goodbye.