If you're in the process of creating a book to sell on Amazon KDP, please watch this video because I'm going to show you the biggest mistakes people make that prevents your books from selling so that you can avoid doing that and have your books actually sell. This is a subscriber book review series that I do where I analyze and critique your books that you submitted to me. If you want your books reviewed in future videos like this, follow me on Instagram at Shaondwith 13. Send me the link to your book on Amazon. I will not respond to your message because I get way too much, but I might review your books in future videos like this. All right, the first one is The Love, Friendship, Gambles, Navigating Love, Choices, and New Beginnings. It has absolutely zero reviews, which is like number one thing is killing your sales is you have no reviews. But the second thing that's crushing your sales is the fact that I have no idea what this book is about. Is it a fiction book? Is it a non-fiction book? like I have to go and take my time like you know take literal minutes to go and read the description just to understand what is this book about which for customers who are scrolling through Amazon there's so many different choices they're just scrolling through page one no one's going to do that right no one's going to take a couple minutes because there's just a better option with more reviews that clearly tells them what this book is about you know whether this is a non-fiction book with non-fiction it's easier to tell like you know a book about overcoming you know relationship anxiety or something like you can add description in the subtitle even in fiction you and add the category of the book like is it a you know Christian romance book or something like that you can put it in the subtitle right to describe the book a lot better which all you have to do is look at your competitors here so obviously there are books that doesn't do that right and you can ignore everything I say if you are a huge authority figure with a big following and people buy your books just because you are you right because you're this amazing author then yeah you can just like ignore everything I say but if you're a small author that does not have a following no one knows you, you got to play the SEO game. You got to play these games. It's a very different game that we're playing. So like this is an example, a steamy midlife romance of secrets, desire, and second chances, right? So what is the descriptive words that this book is using? A steamy midlife romance, right? This one over here, love in the countdown, a spicy roommates with benefits romance. So roommates with benefits romance or spicy roommates would benefit. Okay, a feel-good romantic comedy. So, these are descriptions, categories that you can add in your subtitle to really explain what the book is about a little bit more because again, people don't take the time to read book descriptions, right? And even in your A+ content, this is like the bare minimum that you have here. This is a must-read for those who love a mix of friendship, love, and deep emotional stakes. I still don't know if this is a non-fiction or a fiction book. I'm assuming it's fiction, but yeah, love and friendships are two sides of the same coin. Sometimes you have to risk flipping it to see where it lands. It's cute. It's fancy, but it doesn't mean anything. it doesn't sell me on what the book is about, right? So, essentially what you got to fix book positioning, copywriting, you know, the title, and from there, once you fix that, you got to get more reviews. Like, zero reviews aren't going to cut it. So, I got a couple videos on this, but one of the best ways for beginners to get reviews very, very easily is using sites like Book Bounty. So, I'll leave a link to this site in the description below. You can read the page, learn how it works, and then if you want to try it out, I believe they do have a free trial. Yeah, they got a 15-day free trial and then you can do like 25 bucks a month plan. So, it does cost a little bit of money, but again, it saves you a lot of time in terms of getting reviews. All right, second book is Colin the Capibara's Listening Adventure, a heartfelt tale of friendship and empathy. So, this is a good title structure, right? So, you have the main title, which is kind of just, you know, the name of the book, right? Whatever you title it, but the subtitle is where you explain what the book is about, which is a heartfelt tale of friendship and empathy. So, that is good. Good job doing that. you have a lot of reviews. Amazing review ratio as well. So, awesome, awesome job. Very few people do this, right? Very few people actually go and take action on getting reviews. Now, the book cover, I think, can portray a little bit more emotion than just, you know, a capy bar looking at the camera. There's a lot of empty spaces around as well. Just two birds just chilling over here. So, I think there's a little bit more action, more emotion that you could show in the front book cover. Especially if this book is about friendship, maybe you can add some friends. But again, you know, this is just a suggestion, right? Like the book itself is good. That shows in the review, right? The review is telling me that the book quality itself is super good. Like looking at the A+ content here, it looks like it's not AI generated images, right? Like it's real illustrations, you know, that you see in professional children's books. So the quality itself amazing. So the book has 379,000 BSR, which means it's selling here and there, but nothing amazing. And to be completely honest, you don't need more reviews. You have enough reviews. Your title's pretty good, right? So, the only potential fix that I can see here is the book cover. Maybe try out a different front cover. You know, I can't really say 100% that will be the fix or not, but you can do so. And it'll most likely be marketing. So, if you're already doing Amazon ads, then you just have to keep practicing, keep targeting new keywords, tweaking the biz, this and that to find a sweet spot where you are making more back than you spend. So, you can do that. But if Amazon ads is not quite working or if you know if it's hard, you can also outsource Amazon ads to services. I'll leave a link to an Amazon ad outsourcing service in the description if you want to check it out. But you can also do social media marketing, start showing your book. I think this is the best example I can give you in terms of how you can do social media marketing for children's books. So this is author K. Sanders Digs and she absolutely crushes it with children's books. So these are her books, right? So it's selling okay in Kindle in the paperback. She's just killing it. But her main marketing strategy is posting Tik Tok videos, you know? So she shows her face a lot. But obviously like these videos are what works. Like you can show your face. It works a lot for some people. Sometimes showing your book, just showcasing the book, talking about it works. So what I would do is study what she is doing, right? And see which videos are working really well like the outliers. You can just sort by popularity here. And then from here, you know, see what you can recreate yourself. Model yourself. Don't just copy, but you know, try and learn from it. Apply the elements into your book or into your videos and then, you know, promote the book. All right. Next book is Olivia Cult, Tales of a Witch Detective. The Enchantress Omega. All right. So, yeah, Tales of a Witch Detective. The Enchantress Omega does not explain anything. Like, I don't know what I mean, I know that it's about witches, right? But like, what's the actual genre as we talked about in the first book? Like this one, right? So, is it a paranormal woman's fiction cozy, you know, mystery? Is it a wedding witch cozy mystery? Those kind of categories what I mean. So, this is how people know more about like what your book is about. But this is also how Amazon ranks your book because a lot of times customers search for books in those categories literally by typing it here like paranormal, witch, cozy, mystery or something like that, you know, and then they go and see what's out there. So if you have that in the title, your book will show up a lot easier when people search for those keywords. So that is why it's super important. I cannot really comment on the cover because I don't know the genre, you know, depending on if this is a cozy mystery, is it, you know, for like non- cozy mystery, is it for teens, is it for adults, like the way you design the book cover completely changes, right? So, because I don't know that, I cannot comment on the book cover. The biggest thing that's killing your sales is obviously the review ratio, like 4.1. With fiction, sometimes you can get away with lower review ratio, but it's still, you know, way way better if you can get over 4.3 or higher because once you go over 4.3, then this changes to five stars. So again, in this case, you already have enough reviews, but I would say get more reviews to bring up your average rating. If you want to keep trying to sell this book, right? Sometimes the best way to move forward is to just make a new book. You know, get the feedback, whatever review that you're getting, right? And people are saying, "Oh, I didn't like this book for these reasons." And that's why your review ratio is lower. Well, whatever feedback you get, whatever critique you get, try and improve that in your next book. And you can just move forward that way instead of trying to fix this book. But whether you do that or whether you get more reviews to fix their average ratio, I'll leave that up to you. All right, the next one is Synops AI crime investigation machine learning crime fiction. So this is a funny one, right? So just like how I said you want to add some categories to describe what your book is about if you're doing fiction. Well, he did that here. This is machine learning crime fiction. So you did do that, but this book is not selling at all. And I feel like the biggest reason is because there's no proof of concept. It's a way too new of a genre. Like the genre doesn't exist. There's no machine learning crime fiction that exists. I'm pretty confident if I look this up here. See, your book is number one because there are literally no other book on the topic. Like this is completely different. This is completely different, right? It's all non-fiction machine learning books, but there's no machine learning crime fiction, you know, in in the fiction genre. So, the category doesn't exist. You're the first one. So, when you take a huge risk like this, you're going into a completely new idea. You have two possible scenario, right? Number one, it just blows up. Everybody loves it. They're like, "Oh my god, I've never seen this before." And it just blows up. They make movies about it. You become the next JK Rowling. And that's awesome. You know, but the chance of that happening is like 0.00001%. 99% of the time, what's going to happen is this category doesn't exist. Not because no one thought about it, it's because no one's interested in it. Most likely a lot of people thought about this idea of oh what if we do like machine learning and fiction together and then they thought about it a little bit more and they're like m it's probably not going to sell and they just never made a book on that right so when you create a book you have to make sure if there are other books on similar topics already selling okay because that is proof that if you make a similar book it's most likely going to sell too because you already see other people succeeding with that right so because you didn't do that honestly there's really nothing you can do to be honest so my best recommendation is unfortunately to move away from this book and just create a new book in a topic that's more proven. Our next one, Chefman, Air Fryer Recipes, your personal guide for beginners, intermediate, and advanced users. Quick and easy healthy low-fat recipes. All right, number one, no reviews. We all know this. That's why you're not making sales. Number two, I'm pretty confident this is trademark. Chefman air fryer recipes is a trademark term. So, don't even try and get reviews. I would uh unpublish this as quickly as possible because you might get busted. Yeah, I just Googled. I don't know if the trademark applies to books, you know, maybe it's just for kitchen appliances. So, uh, you want to make sure, but if it does apply for books, which you can check on USPTO, you want to unpublish this. So, I actually wanted to confirm this because I didn't want to just scare you for no reason and then not fact check it. So, I looked it up. Chefman, it doesn't apply to the book category. The current trademark does exist, but it applies to the electric deep fryers. So maybe it's one of those keywords that allows you to create a book, but if it's the same as like Instant Pot, Weight Watchers, they're pretty hardcore when it comes to coming after you and uh trying to take your book down, take your account down. So it's kind of hard to say whether or not, you know, should you do this. It's very sketchy, I would say. But the biggest reason why it's not selling is definitely reviews because your book cover is pretty decent. It's like one of those, you know, good cookbook type of uh cover. It's not the best, but it's not bad, right? The title is a little bit unprofessional because some words are not capitalized. The first letter should be capitalized. It's a little bit too long and messy, but it's not like the biggest deal breakaker to be completely honest. So, because of the cover, as long as the trademark is okay and everything, get reviews, run some ads, and I think you will start making sales. Next book is Mastering Emotions, right? So, I feel like today's book review series has been very repetitive. It's the same issue like zero reviews. Like, what are we trying to do here? You know, why are we expecting our books to sell with absolutely zero reviews? I mean, it did sell. The fact that this book has a BSR means that it sold at least one copy, which is how crazy Amazon is. Like, you know, just by uploading a random book, right, with zero reviews, it's still sold. You still made money. That's how big Amazon is. But if you want to make life-changing income, then you have to do a lot more than the bare minimum here. You cannot just leave it with zero reviews, right? And again the subtitle here. Why is it you know the first letter is capitalized up until here but then some words are not like here like how to control emotions using personal success. Very unprofessional. Also mastering emotions is not really maybe it's a key word. Some people I can see you know type in how to master emotions. How to master your emotions. Yeah I can see customers typing that in. So, you kind of want to put yourself in the customer's shoes like what would customer type in here if they were looking for like a emotional intelligence book or emotional management book, right? They might type in emotional intelligence. How can I master my emotions better? How can I control my emotions? Right? How to control your emotions might be a better keyword because I can see people typing that in. And that's your keyword. That's what you put in your title or the subtitle. I can critique a lot more like your book cover should be in color, especially if you're talking about emotions because you have a bunch of different emotions, you know, but not black and white. So, there's a lot of things I can say, but again, nothing really happens until you get more reviews. So, please go and use Book Bounty if you're struggling with reviews. Again, it's one of the easiest ways to get reviews. It'll help you guys a lot. If you want a tutorial on how it works and stuff like that, you can just go to YouTube, look up Shawn Doit reviews, and I have a couple videos on explaining how it works. Now, as you can see, a lot of these issues, a lot of these mistakes could have been avoidable if you had someone else take a look at your book before you actually published it. Like, if I took a look at these books before they actually published it, then maybe they wouldn't have made these mistakes. Maybe the book would have done a lot better than, you know, just couple sales here and there, right? And that's exactly why in our coaching program, we don't just sell courses. We don't just sell a course and just disappear and leave you alone. It comes with a course, but it's not even the main part. The main part is we actually go and take a look at you. We work with you in creating the book or not even creating the book like first we work with you in researching a topic that has real demand. Then we work with you in creating the book getting book covers. We essentially check everything for you or we want to check everything for you. That is up to you on when you book the coaching call because if you don't book coaching calls, we cannot do it for you. But as long as students keep booking coaching calls, you know, and keep taking action, we will be there to check these things, give them critique for them so that they don't make these mistakes. And then even after it's published, we help them, you know, as long as the coaching sessions are still left, we will keep helping them to make sure that we do everything we can to make the book a success. So that's the really the main focus of the coaching program. If you guys want to learn more about it, it's the first link in the description below. You can book a free strategy session, talk to us, and see if this program is a good fit for you. If not, no pressure. We don't do high pressure selling, so it's all good. But that is the end of the video. So, hope you enjoyed the video. If you did, leave a like, subscribe. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next one.