But if you optimize your listing wrong, you're going to be shown in front of the wrong people, you're not going to make the right sales. You might make a few sales, but because you're making a few sales in the wrong place, it it's going to negatively affect your book, and your book will go down and down and down over time. I'll show you what I mean. I promise you. I'm going to I'm going to go super deep into it. You're not going to have any questions about keywords. Keywords for Amazon KDP are super super important because Amazon literally looks at the keywords to figure out where to show your book. If you're being shown in front of the correct people, then great. you're more likely to make a sale because you're in front of the correct customer. If Amazon decides to show you for something irrelevant and in front of the wrong customer, then great. Well, not so great because you're going to end up making less sales because you're trying to sell a book to someone that's not really looking for that book. So, keywords are very, very, very important. Now, let's say we're selling a well, how to draw is like the easiest example that I could think of. So, let's just say we're selling a how to draw book and we're selling a how to draw animals, right? And then this is for kids or for children or whatever. It's not for older people. It's not for adults. Actually, let's make them for adults. It will be more interesting. I don't know why I had to rub it out. But yeah, let's just say this is a um how to how to how to draw animals for adults. What's going to be in this book is going to be super professional, like some really detailed sketches, right? It's something for adults. It's not going to be something simple for kids. We're selling a how to draw animal book for adults. Now, how do we figure out what keywords we're going to put or what keywords we're going to give Amazon to make sure Amazon shows us in the correct place? Now, a lot of publishers, the first thing they think of is, well, if I need to pick a keyword, I'm going to pick the one with the highest search volume. Right now, the one with the highest search volume, what what ends up happening is, well, the mindset behind this is, let me just write higher search volume because I can't multitask. So, the highest search volume, the mindset behind it is, well, if I pick a keyword that's being shown to loads of people, then my book will be shown to loads of people and I'll make loads of sales. That's basically the mindset. However, there's other things that are happening in the background that if you're not aware of and your only goal is just to search volume, it will be very hard for you to boost your book in the correct places, right? because the the importance of the keywords is to be shown in the correct place. Now, if you end up picking the wrong keywords, what's going to end up happening is okay, let's say we are selling this animal book and then let's say one of our keywords is sketchbook for adults and then another keyword is draw animals for adults. If these two are keywords that we're targeting, which one are we most likely to sell under? So when someone searches draw animals for adults, are they more likely to buy our book? Or someone who searches sketchbook for adults is more likely to buy our book. Well, obviously we have to look at the data, but hypothetically speaking, I'm guessing this would work 10 times better than sketchbook for adults because a sketchbook for adults is something completely different. It's It's a little bit relevant to what we're selling a tiny bit because you can still kind of draw and things like that. It's almost like a sketchbook, especially if inside our book, we have like empty pages where they can practice drawing. So, we'll have the instructions on the left step by step, step 1 2 3 4 5, however many steps it's going to be. And then on the right page, we're going to have some empty space where they can start sketching and practicing their drawings. So, it's almost a sketchbook, but it's not 100% a sketchbook. So, we might end up making a few sales from here, but I bet we're going to make more sales over here. Even if this has a million monthly searches and this one has a,000 monthly searches, this is going to be a way more powerful keyword for Amazon than this. Why? Because it's more relevant. Now, I'm going to get into how Amazon actually figures out what keywords to show you for and how it all expands and how it grows your book. I promise you I'll tell you everything. By the end of this video, you're going to understand keywords better than you've understood them before. So, what we're looking for is relevant keywords. Now, when we're doing our research, there's many ways to actually do research for for keywords. You have a free way and a paid way. No matter what way you're going to use is completely fine. They both they both work effectively. It's not like you're missing out on like the paid one, but the paid one makes everything a lot easier. Usually, when I talk about the paid one, I usually talk about Helium 10. I like Helium 10. It's like super easy to use. I spelled Helium wrong, but that's okay. But if you don't know what Helium 10 is, see, I I sprayed the whiteboard and then now when I write on it, it's like I think there's a little bit of water on it, but it's okay. Never mind. So, Helium 10, what Helium 10 is is, well, you have two options of using Helium 10. Either you can use I think it's called Blackbox, but I think Blackbox is something else. But either you can put a keyword into Helium 10 and then it will give you a bunch of other keywords related to it. Or you can run Cerebro. Now what's Cerebro? Cerebro you basically give Cerebro. It's like a little extra app in Helium 10. Cerebro you give it your asin or your competitor's asins. So this is my competitor's asin. Competitors as in competitors asin. All of these asins are going to be exactly what we're selling. We want these competitors to be exactly what we're selling. We don't want to start targeting um asins for sketchbooks. We want to start targeting asins for how to draw animal books for adults. Now, when we give these asins, what Cerebro is going to do is it's going to go inside the asin, extract all the keywords that it's being indexed for. We're going to talk about indexing in a bit. I'll tell you what it is, but it's going to extract all the keywords that this book is indexed for. And it's going to do it for all of these individually. And then what you can do is tell Cerebro, hey, out of all of these books that you just indexed the keywords that you extracted all the keywords, what I want you to do is give me all the keywords that are consistent between all of them. So in other words, what keywords is every single one of my competitors using? And then it will give you a list of keywords that's common between all of them. Now, guess what? Since all of these books are basically the same book and then our book is basically the same book, we're we're offering the same information for the same target audience because it's the same. These keywords are going to end up being the most relevant ones for our niche. However, what this paid thing is going to do, what the paid version of keyword research is going to do is going to give us even more keywords that might not be super relevant to our book. still relevant, kind of like the sketchbook, but not 100% relevant. So, what ends up happening now? What ends up happening is we're going to have a list of two keywords or we're going to have two lists of keywords. One is going to be hyper relevant, which means it's exactly what we're selling. Let me just write hyper relevant. And then the other one is going to be a little bit broader. So, kind of like the the sketchbook keyword. So, in here there's going to be sketchbook maybe um how to how to sketch things or I don't know just random things. So, it won't be specifically animals. It might just be drawing for adults. That's a little bit broader. It's not exactly what we're selling. Drawing for adults can be literally anything. How to draw landscapes, how to draw buildings, how to draw forests, how to draw cars, how to draw people. So, there's many different things that can come from these broader ones. However, these hyper relevant ones, they're literally exactly what we're selling for the same people we're trying to target. So, this is the paid way. What the paid way ends up doing is essentially making everything easier for you. You just find your competitors, you put them in, and then you're going to have a list of keywords, and then you can go and sort out sort through them essentially and build these lists. Now, sometimes for some niches when there's loads of keywords, what we can do is actually create three different categories or four different categories. It really depends on how many different versions of your keywords they are and then also how broad and how narrow they are. So everything here might be how to draw animals for adults blah blah blah. So it'll be many many different versions. It'll be how to draw animals, how to draw animals for adults, um how to draw animals easy for adults, uh drawing animals for adults, draw easy animals for adults, things like that. It it will just be everything related to draw. Now over here we might have a second one as well, a second list of keywords where everything is learn to draw because some people will search how to and other people will search learn to. So if we sort everything out, we can see clearly the keywords that we have in each group. Now once we go through the super relevant ones, then we can start making the list for the broader ones. So it might be um how to draw giraffes for adults. That might be a keyword. It's not 100% what we're selling, but it's also included inside. we might have a giraffe inside. So I I hope this makes sense. So we want to sort out everything so we clearly know and we can clearly see what the different type of keywords are, which ones are super relevant to our book and which ones slightly broader. The more organized we are, the easier everything else is. I promise you. However, you have to be organized. Now, if you want to do the freeway and you can't afford Helium 10, and to be honest, the freeway is is more than good enough. Helium 10 is really good. I'm not saying don't get Helium 10. If you want to save some time with the research, Helium 10 is really good. But if you can't afford Helium 10 or you don't want to spend $100 a month for Helium 10, there's a free way of doing it as well. And the free way is super super simple. It just takes a little bit more time. So the free way, all you have to do is kind of come up with the keywords yourself. So if I'm selling how to draw animals for adults, I can come up with some keywords. I can come up with well, how to draw animals for adults, learn to draw animals for adults. So those are like the the two main ones that I can think of. And then what I'll do is I'll just go in the Amazon search bar and then I'll type in my broadest keyword. So it'll be how to draw animals for adults. And then what's going to end up happening is Amazon will give me a bunch of suggestions related to what I typed. So this one might be how to draw animals for adults and beginners. That might be a keyword. Or another one might be how to draw simple animals for adults. So the word simple is slightly different that I might have not found before. And it will just give me a bunch of keywords and some of them will be related to what I typed and others might be a little bit broader. Again, we can extract it with the autocomplete and then just sort it out. Make sure we have everything sorted in its own group. We need to make everything super super easy for us to see. We need to make everything organized because that way it's just 100 times easier for us. If you just have one big list of like hundreds of keywords, it's really really hard to sort through that. So, make sure you keep everything organized. And yeah, with the freeway, you can just keep going. How to draw and then blah blah blah, all of these will come up. How to draw animals, everything will come up. How to draw animals for adults, everything will come up. And then try the learn to draw. So, learn to draw, see if anything related to adults comes up. Learn to draw animals, see if anything related to adults comes up. And then learn to draw animals for adults, see if anything comes up. And then when you see the ones that come up, you might find other ways of saying or searching for the same book. And then you can take this keyword for example. If this one has simple, oh yeah, let's just say this one. This one has simple. I might go back and type in simple drawing book for and then we'll see if for adults comes up for beginners comes up and then we can extract those keywords as well. So it's kind of like mixing and matching in here in the search bar. So you can extract all the relevant ones here. Now you'll probably extract some broader ones as well, which is no problem because again, we're organizing it. As long as we extract all the keywords first, then we can sort it out and then we can figure out which ones we want to use and then which ones we want to well I'm not going to reveal what we're going to do. I'll reveal very very soon what we're going to do with these broader ones. So that's how we find the keywords. Now the keywords won't be based on search volume. Even if you do the freeway, you're not really going to know the search volume and you don't need to know the search volume to be honest because that's not really the the main factor of a keyword. It's not the search volume. And I'll explain why. A lot of people are going to say, &gt;&gt; "But why would I pick a keyword with no search volume?" &gt;&gt; You'll see. It's it's it's super super simple. But a side thing, if a keyword shows up in your autocomplete, then it obviously has search volume. Because the reason Amazon shows the keywords in the autocomplete anyway is because there's search volume. It's because people are constantly searching for it again and again and again and again. So, because it's relevant to what you searched and a lot of other people are searching for it and probably bought some books because of that that search, Amazon shows it here because they might they're thinking of you. They're like, well, if if a 100 other people searched this keyword right here, Barry might be looking for that same thing. So, let me show it here. So, we'll only show um search like keywords with high search volume in the autocomplete. So, now that we figured out how to find the keywords, let's see how to pick the correct ones and how to actually give Amazon the correct ones so it can show us in the correct place. Because again, if we show in front of the wrong place, we're limiting our sales. If we show up in the correct place, we're increasing our sales because if I'm selling like a vodka bottle on Amazon, I'm not going to target kids because they're not my target audience. So, if there's if there's a keyword with like um alcohol for kids or champagne for kids, if I'm selling champagne and there's alcohol in it and all the champagne for kids has no alcohol, but hopefully there's no alcohol, then I don't want to target champagne for kids because it's is what are the chances I'm going to make a sale? And what are the chances that a kid is going to come buy my vodka bottle? I know you can't sell vodka on Amazon. I don't think you can sell vodka on Amazon, but I'm just giving you an example. We don't want to target people that are not very likely to buy our book because then we're wasting real estate. I'll get into that right now. Okay. So, let's say we found a bunch of keywords. Let's say the first one is very obvious is how to draw animals for adults. And then let's also say we found sketchbook for adults. Let's also say we found how to draw animals. Right? This is a little bit broader. So, we're not including our target audience in the keyword, but again, it's still relevant. And then let's say we also have how to draw Q stuff. I don't know if you ever saw that, but there's some books that are selling how to draw Q stuff. It was actually a book that I made like 5 years ago. I think it was either five or four years ago, but I made a how to draw Q stuff book as well. I couldn't afford a writer. I couldn't afford a illustrator or a designer or nothing. So what I ended up doing is, by the way, I wouldn't recommend this. Takes so much time. I don't even know if if I'm allowed to do this, but I did this a very long time ago with my previous business anyway. So it doesn't really matter. So what I ended up doing is I used to I used to go on freepic. I would find some cute illustrations of animals and then what I would do is I would download the vector from Freepick. Then I would put it into Photoshop and then for every step I would basically kind of cut around the illustration. So let's say let's say we were drawing a cow, right? And then let's say this is a this is a drawing of the cow. It's a very bad cow. I know this doesn't even look like a cow. Let's just say we're doing a teddy bear. So what I would end up doing is if step one is to draw the face with the ears and this is step one then I would go into Photoshop I would basically take away all the color so it's only the the line art of the vector and then I would cut this part and lower the opacity to like 20%. Because then that way it's like it can show actually this is not for the first step but I did this for like the second or the third step. So what ended up happening is that step one would only be the the head and then step two would be like this. So then the head would be 20% opacity and then the body which is the second step would be at 100% opacity. So what ends up happening is this is really dark dark black and this is like a light gray. So then that way the person knows, oh we did this before and now we're doing this step. And then for the next step, I might make all of this uh gray. And then maybe there's like facial features here and the facial features would be super super dark. So then that way the person will know. But again, that just takes so long. I don't even know why I mentioned it. But but anyway, I'm just trying to show you that there's creative ways of actually making words cuz there's some people that say, "I can't afford to do this. I can't afford to do that." You can afford to be creative though. And if you are creative, then there's actually a quote. There's a quote that says like the the less budget you have, the more creative, the higher your creative ability goes. And that's true. When I was broke as well, everything was creative. I found the most creative ways to make the books. But anyway, back to the keywords. So, let's say these are our four keywords. You're going to have a lot more. I'm just using the four because I can't just write 100 keywords on the on the whiteboard. It's going to be a super super long video. The first thing I would do with these keywords in figure is figure out which ones are relevant for my book and which ones are not relevant for my book. So this one, how to draw animals for adults. How to draw relevant animals super relevant. It's exactly what we're selling. And then for adults, super relevant. So I'm going to say yes to this keyword. Now sketchbook for adults. Sketchbook. We're not selling a sketchbook, but we are targeting adults. And there is places inside our book where they can sketch. So I'm going to say a no or like a medium. I'm just going to say a no. If it's a no, it's like a medium one cuz we're not going to put keywords in our list that are like completely irrelevant. I'm not going to put dinosaur coloring book for boys because that's literally not what we're selling. It's not even close to what we're selling. So, the ones that are broad, I'm going to say no. The ones that are super targeted, I'm going to say yes. How to draw animals. It is a how to draw book and we are teaching animals but it doesn't have a target audience. But because everything here is relevant to our book and because it has animals is very targeted. I'm going to say yes. Now, this one, this is the tricky one. How to draw Q stuff. Well, if we're targeting for adults and let's say our illustrations are actually cute, would we have this keyword as a well or we say yes to this keyword? You might say yes because it's relevant. However, I'm going to say no to this keyword. And I'll tell you why. Because if you go on Amazon and you type in how to draw Q stuff, what will end up coming up is a bunch of books that are how to draw Q stuff. So, this right here isn't actually describing our book. is actually another subniche. So if I start targeting how to draw Q stuff, I will start showing up in the wrong subniche because we're teaching how to draw animals, not how to draw Q stuff. It can be related. Now the important thing is this is a completely different niche. So we don't want to target keywords that show up completely different niches. And the best way to see if a keyword is good or not for your book is simply search it and then see who comes up. literally search the keyword that you're thinking about and see if your competitors come up. If your competitors come up, that means that you're in the correct niche. You're you're targeting correct keywords because your competitors are showing up as well. Now, when I say competitors, I'm talking about direct competitors. If I search how to draw cute stuff, I want to see a bunch of how to draw animal for adults. If I don't see that, then it's not relevant. You have data that tells you it's not relevant. So again, with this one, I can I I'm going to put it with the sketchbook one and then leave it for later cuz we're not just going to completely disregard them. We're going to save them for later. Now, the keywords that are super super relevant for my book, I'm going to start putting them in a list. Now, these ones I'll also have like learn to draw animals for adults and learn to draw animals and things like that. So, I'll find all the variations. So, now we have a group of relevant keywords and then we have a group of broader keywords. Now, if you if you have like variations, I'm actually going to take this away, but if you have variations, then you'll have more categories and more groups. As long as everything is organized, that's what's important. Now, here's the interesting part with these keywords. We need to give the correct ones to Amazon so we can show up in the correct place. How do we do that? Well, the first way we do that is with SEO. What's SEO? SEO is basically search engine optimization. Now, if we break down this this word search engine optimization, what I see is search is how the customer is going to find your book. So, search basically means the keyword they're going to type. So, this one basically means keyword. Engine is the way Amazon thinks, right? Or the engine, the thing running Amazon. So, this is Amazon's brain. This is how I I see this keyword anyway or search engine optimization. Amazon's brain. And then optimization. This is all up to you, right? Search engine optimization. Amazon's doing its job. You're putting the keywords, but then optimization means putting the correct keywords. Because if you optimize it wrong, if you optimize your listing wrong, cuz that's how Amazon's going to read the keywords. We'll get into that in a bit. But if you optimize your listing wrong, you're going to be shown in front of the wrong people. you're not going to make the right sales. You might make a few sales, but because you're making a few sales in the wrong place, it it's going to negatively affect your book and your book will go down and down and down over time. I'll show you what I mean. I promise you. I'm going to I'm going to go super deep into it. You're not going to have any questions about keywords or you might have some questions cuz there's so many questions about keywords, but it will give you a better understanding. I promise you. So, search engine optimization, we need to give Amazon the correct keywords in order for Amazon's brain to push you in front of the correct place. Now, how does Amazon read your keywords? It's very simple. Amazon's going to go on your listing and then anything that you can find on your listing, if you click and drag on your listing, right? So, click on your book on Amazon, type whatever you want. Search your book on Amazon or search a competitor's book on Amazon. Doesn't really matter. Click on their book and you're going to see their listing. So, you're going to see their book and then title and then the buy button here. And you're going to see like frequently bought together. And if you scroll down, you're going to see a plus content. If you scroll down, you're going to see reviews. So when you drag, when you click and drag, some words or some text on the page is going to highlight in blue. If they're highlighted in blue, if you can highlight the text in blue, Amazon can read it. And when Amazon reads it, what Amazon's going to start doing is start picking out keywords that people are searching for and trying to find it in your title, in your description, in your well, editorial reviews if you have some. Everything everything that you can you can color. Sometimes you have um text in your A+ content. So if you can highlight text in your A+ content, Amazon can read it. And then what you can do as a publisher is sneakily put these keywords inside your description and inside your A+ content and your title and all of that. So I might have sentences in my description that say um in this how to draw animals for adults book, you're going to learn blah blah blah. It is part of the sentence, but you're hiding this keyword. And then that way Amazon can read your entire listing and it will understand the keywords that you're meant to be shown for. It will pick up keywords. Now if you give Amazon the right keywords. So if you put the right keywords in your description, that means your SEO would be good. Now when I say SEO, I mean everything. I mean your title, your subtitle, your description, your A+ content. I'm pretty sure Amazon could read reviews as well to figure it out, but don't quote me on that. And also your backend keywords as well. those seven boxes when you upload your book, you need to make sure you're giving Amazon the correct keywords. If you give it the wrong keywords, you're going to start messing up. So, what ends up happening is Amazon's going to read all the keywords in your SEO and then it will start indexing you for these keywords. Now, what does indexing mean? Indexing means Amazon has read the keyword, it found the keyword and now if someone searches that keyword, you will start showing off it. If I have the keyword how to draw animals for adults in my SEO, anywhere in my SEO, Amazon will read my listing, my SEO, it will pick up that keyword and it will start showing my book for that keyword. For me to show up for a keyword, I have to be indexed. Now, I know what you're thinking. What if you want to show up for keywords that you don't you can't put in your SEO? You don't have places in your SEO. Because if you have like 30 or 50 different keywords, then if you start trying to push 50 different keywords in the SEO, you might be over stuffing and it might raise some flags for Amazon. So, you want to minimize the amount of keywords. Not minimize, but you want to not over exaggerate the amount of keywords that you put in your SEO. Now, let's say we were super super what's the word? Targeted. Let's say let's just find we we only had like the relevant keywords, right? Let's say these are our two keywords. What Amazon is going to do is it's going to index us for these keywords because it can find it in our SEO. Maybe we added it in description or whatever. And then it will find this one. How to draw animals for adults. This is how to draw animals for adults. It's this keyword right here. And then it will also show us for how to draw animals. Right? These two I wouldn't put them anywhere in my SEO. Why? Because just like we said, they're not 100% relevant. We only want to give Amazon 100% relevant keywords, not super high search volume keywords. unless it's a high search volume and it's relevant to your book. And I'll tell you why this is going to make sense. This one is targeting how to draw animals for adults. And then this keyword, it found how to draw animals. Now, what's going to end up happening is Amazon wants to figure out, well, the only reason Amazon exists is to make money and it wants to make as much money as humanly possible. So, what Amazon's going to end up doing is it's going to start testing your book for these keywords. Now, guess what it's testing for? I'll let you guess. I'll give you a few seconds. What do you think Amazon wants to see for these keywords? Amazon wants to see that someone searches this keyword and because you're indexed, you show up and then people click on it. But most importantly, they buy. Amazon wants to see that when someone searches this keyword, they buy your book. If they buy your book, great. That's a positive thing. You make money, Amazon makes money, and Amazon will start pushing you higher and higher up the rankings because the higher you are, the more exposure you get. And obviously, if you're making sales for this keyword, it will want to show you higher, get more exposure, so they can make more sales. You'll make more sales as well, but they will end up making more money as well. So, we want to give Amazon super super relevant keywords. Now, if the if your index for this keyword and your book is really bad, you're not going to make sales. Well, what does that tell Amazon if you're not making sales? Well, it's telling Amazon, hey, this keyword that I told you I'm relevant for, I'm not making any sales. Amazon's going to say, okay, this book is not relevant for this keyword. And then if it's not relevant and you're not making sales, it will push you further and further down. So you're going to start losing ranking for the relevant keywords that you put. Which is why it's so so important that your book is good. It doesn't matter what strategies you do or any of that. If your book is not good, it's very hard to succeed. It's very very hard to succeed cuz you're trying the strategies, which is great for growth, but you don't have anything that's capable of growing. You don't have a product that people even want. If you don't have a a product that people want, a book that people want, or a desirable book, then why would Amazon want to push you further? Why would Amazon want to promote even more a bad book? Why would Amazon want to show a bad book all the way up the rankings? Why would Amazon want to show a book that's not selling at the top of the page? Why would Amazon want to index you for more keywords if your book is not selling? It doesn't make any sense. You need a highquality product, a high-quality book. Now, you're watching Barry KDP, so you understand how to create high-quality books, which is awesome. But what's going to end up happening is once you have that high quality book and you start targeting the right keywords, Amazon is going to start expanding you for more keywords. Now, what's going to end up happening is it will expand you for more keywords because you you almost like pass the first test. So, you pass the test of the keywords that you gave Amazon, whether it's like 10, 15, or 20 keywords, it doesn't really matter as long as they're relevant. and Amazon's going to see, hey, this book is getting a lot of sales for these keywords that it gave us. So, I think I'm starting to understand what this book is. So, now if I'm getting sales for this, then Amazon knows, hey, this is probably how to draw book. It probably has animals in it, and it's probably for adults. So, now what I'm going to do is I'm going to push it even further for even more keywords related to this. So, it might start pushing you for how to sketch animals for adults. And then it might also push you for another keyword such as how to draw easy animals and it might not put for adults, right? It will just start pushing you for different types of keywords. Even if they have low search volume, it doesn't matter. It's free. You put it in your SEO and Amazon's pushing you by itself, right? This is where you get all your organic sales. I'm not going to go into organic search. That's a completely separate thing. I don't want to go off track. I'm going to stick I'm going to try my best to stick with keywords. But yeah, it will start pushing you for more and more keywords. And now, guess what Amazon wants to see? It wants to see, are you still making sales for these keywords? If yes, great. Push it even more. If no, great. Lower it so we can let other people that are making money make us money. I hope this makes sense. You give me your book and I push it to 100 people and it's not selling, great. I have hundreds of other people that want to promote the same book that you're selling to the same people. And if they're more likely to sell, then I'll end up making more money. So, I'll push them in front of the line. I don't want to push books that aren't making sales and are not making money. That's why we're looking for relevant books. Now, guess what? If I was targeting Sketchbook for adults, what's going to end up happening? Cuz let's say I put Sketchbook for adults in my SEO. Well, what's going to end up happening is I'm going to go sketchbook for adults. Now, Amazon is going to start indexing me for Sketchbook for adults. It will start showing me, but I'm not going to end up making sales. Or if I do, I'm going to end up making very, very, very few sales. and I'm going to have a very very low conversion rate. So let's say I have a 5% conversion rate right here. Well, what's Amazon going to do? First of all, Amazon has two options. The first option is to not expand you to other keywords because you haven't proved yourself during the initiation phase in a way during the level one. If you can't sell at level one, then why would it push you for more keywords related to this? Why would it push you for more keywords that is that is not bringing in sales for Amazon? Doesn't make sense. So option number one is it stops right here and you don't expand the keywords. So you're not being indexed for more and more keywords. Remember you want to start indexing for for as many relevant keywords as possible. So that's option number one. You stay at level one and you never expand. So you're limiting the amount of keywords you're index for because you gave Amazon irrelevant keywords to begin with in your SEO. What's option number two? Or sometimes this happens. Option number two is you do have a low conversion rate, but Amazon still wants to push you for more keywords related to this one because at least you got some sales. It was a little bit relevant, but not 100% relevant. That gives you a super high conversion rate. This one here might have had a 12% conversion rate because it's more relevant because it's exactly what you're selling. This was not exactly what you're selling. So, less people are less likely to buy it. Less people are likely to buy it. Yeah, less people are likely to buy it. So, sketchbook for adults and then it might start expanding us for uh sketchbook or maybe it will start expanding us for uh adult sketchbook for beginners, right? All of these irrelevant keywords cuz this is like the level one. It will take this and expand it into more relevant ones related to the one that we gave it. And guess what? These are going to have low conversion rates as well. Some of them might have a high ones. You might get lucky and a random irrelevant keyword might bring you a high conversion rate. That's awesome. But most of them are probably going to end up having a low conversion rate. So what does this tell Amazon? This tells Amazon this keyword is irrelevant and then just stop showing it for this. Just lower the ranking for this keyword. Well, great. Here's the thing. If you give Amazon irrelevant keywords, you're missing out on the real estate on the limited real estate that you have here in your SEO. It's very limited. You only have your title, subtitle, description, A+ content, and your seven backend keywords, right? You can't just ram 50 keywords in there. You have to be conservative. And when someone reads your description, you don't want them to see clearly that you put a bunch of you just stuffed a bunch of keywords in your description. You want them to read the description and make it feel like it was written for a human cuz that's who it's written for. It's written for a human, but you hide some keywords for the Amazon algorithm. So, if you give irrelevant keywords, it will start pushing you for more irrelevant keywords. You're going to end up making less sales and you're wasting real estate that you could have used for relevant keywords. So, you're you're limiting your sales. You're holding your book back because you gave Amazon the wrong keywords. Now, if the conversion rate is really high or above average, so the average conversion rate is around 10%. But again, you're watching Barry KDP, so we don't we don't settle for 10%. We want way more than 10%. I have clients doing 15 16 17% conversion rate. I have other clients at 23% conversion rate, but again, their book is really good because they followed my program. And also, they're targeting relevant keywords, not irrelevant keywords. So, it's very hard for them to have a low conversion rate when they know exactly what they're doing. They know why they're doing it. They have a proven system that works and they're targeting relevant keywords as well, right? It's very hard to not make sales when you know what you're doing. So, when you get really high conversion rates, so let's say this one had a 15% conversion rate. What Amazon's going to do is it's not going to expand you for two keywords, it might start expanding you for multiple keywords. So, six different keywords related to this. Now, some of them might be irrelevant because again, Amazon is testing. It's like casting a net, seeing what sticks, and whatever sticks, it expands more. Whatever doesn't stick, it it pulls back. So, this one might be how to draw animals for kids, and then this will have like a 4% conversion rate because it's not made for kids. No kid is going to want a super complicated how to draw book. So, it will stop here. But this one might be how to draw animals or this might be how to draw cute animals for adults. So, cute animals for adults. And then this one might have again a 13% conversion rate. And again, what's going to end up happening is if this keeps having a high conversion rate and it's making sales, Amazon will start expanding you for more keywords related to the ones that are bringing in sales, right? This is this is how the keywords work. Search volume doesn't really matter when it comes to this. What matters is giving Amazon the right keywords. So, Amazon can learn what your book is about and Amazon knows where to show your book. If you give Amazon the correct keywords, if you give it your your niche and your subniche and your target audience in your keywords, then great. It will expand it in the correct place and Amazon will do the work for you. When I publish a book, I might be indexed for like 30 to 50 keywords in month one and then I might be indexed for 200 keywords or 300 keywords in the second month and then I can go up to like 700 to a,000 keywords in the third month. Now, this I I don't have to do anything. I just have to give the correct 30 to 50 keywords to begin with and then Amazon will do the rest as long as my book is good and my conversion rate is high. Now the problem that ends up happening is what if you give Amazon the correct keywords, really relevant keywords, but again your indexing is not expanding and your conversion rate is still low. Well, if your conversion rate is low for relevant keywords, fix your conversion rate. You need to fix your book. The keywords are not your problem. If you're giving Amazon relevant keywords and you're still not being shown in the correct place, you're still not making sales. You need to fix your book. There's other things that are holding you back. It's not the keywords holding you back. It's your book. It's your book cover. It's your listing. Maybe your A+ content is not as good as you think it is, right? Maybe you don't have enough reviews to even build trust with your customer. If you have the lowest amount of review, maybe you have no reviews. I have people that say, "Hey, Barry, my book is not selling." I'm like, "Great. Send me your book. Zero reviews." I'm like, "Of course it's not selling. I have never bought anything with no reviews. Have you ever bought anything online with no reviews? Have you ever bought anything on Amazon with no reviews? Have you ever bought a book on Amazon with no reviews? You answer the question yourself. So, if you wouldn't buy something with no reviews on Amazon, why would you expect someone else to do it? That's called being a hypocrite, I think. I think that's what it's called. But anyway, this is how the keywords work on Amazon. Now, there's one very, very important step that we haven't covered. So, this is the SEO part. The SEO part is only half the game. So, we're targeting all our relevant keywords with our SEO. Great. Half the job is done. Now, what's going to end up happening is we're left with other keywords that we're not targeting with SEO. Like these ones, they might be a little bit relevant, but not quite. So, we can't put them in in our SEO because that will mess up the entire algorithm. But what we can do is we can start running ads to these keywords so we can test them out. So, not only does SEO push keywords to get indexed, but you can also target keywords as long as they're relevant to your book because Amazon is still going to read all of this and figure out your book. So, when you start running ads, if it sees that it's irrelevant, it won't push you for ads either. So, you have to be relevant with your keywords with ads. Sometimes you can give an irrelevant keyword and it will push you. But most of the times, if a keyword is too irrelevant, then it won't push you with ads. So, you're going to use SEO to push more keywords to be indexed for more keywords. And the same thing is going to happen with Amazon ads. You're going to use keywords that you're not targeting with SEO, and then you'll be able to start indexing for keywords that you couldn't put in your SEO. So, if there's keywords left over from your groups and you want to test them out, you can run Amazon ads to it. And then now you have SEO increasing your indexing and you have Amazon ads increasing your indexing, which means both of these always work together. This is why ads and SEO work together. Your ads are not a separate thing. If your SEO is messed up, your ads are going to be messed up as well. If your SEO is really good and your ads are like mediocre, your ads can still work good because your SEO is really good. If your SEO is bad and your ads are bad, well, I'm sorry. You need there's a lot of things you need to fix. But again, just like we said, if your conversion rate is low and you don't have a good book, it doesn't matter how well your SEO is or how good your ads are. Your book, the main thing that's selling is bad. So, you're going to end up making less money overall. So, we can use ads to target the keywords that we're not targeting with SEO, but we can also use ads to target the keywords we are targeting with SEO. So, we're going to have a group groups of keywords inside our ads that are keywords that we're also targeting with SEO. And you might be asking, but Barry, why would I target keywords that I'm already targeting with SEO? Why would I target it with ads? Why would I pay for keywords when I'm being shown for them for free? And the simple reason is this. Amazon ads, there's something that you can do differently. There's something that you can control essentially that you can't control with SEO. What is that? What is it that you can control with ads but you can't control with SEO? They both have it, but this one you can't control and this one you can control. I'm going to draw a triangle cuz I think a triangle does represents it better. Just so you guys know, it's something different. So the thing that you can control with ads is your placement. What do I mean by placement? It means what position are you on the page? So, if I'm if I'm targeting how to draw animals for adults with ads, I can pay for specific positions. I can pay to be on the top of search. I can pay to be on a carousel. I can pay to be in the middle of the search. I can pay to be all the way on the bottom of the search results. I can pay to control my placement, where I show up on a page. With SEO, you can't pay. This is free. Amazon does everything. You just give it the keyword and then Amazon decides based on the amount of sales that you're making where it's going to rank you. You can't pay to show up higher. But again, you are being shown in different places. So you you do have different placements for SEO, but then you can pay for different placements with ads. Now, why would you want to do them together? Well, because of this reason, because you can't control SEO. So for SEO, this keyword right here, how to draw easy animals, I'm targeting with SEO, but I'm being shown in position five in the search results. Well, if I target this same keyword with Amazon ads, I can pay to show up in position one. It might be a little bit expensive. Again, depending on the keyword and the and the search volume and competition and everything that it's an auction when you run ads. So, if everyone's bidding really high, it's going to be really costly. If not a lot of people are bidding high, it will be cheaper. But again, this is not an Amazon ads video. This is a keywords video. So, we can pay with Amazon ads to show up number one or we can show up number five organically. But here's the thing, they work together. They work together. So, if I'm paying to show up number one, what happens when I'm number one? What happens when I'm on the top of search? That means everyone sees me. I get the maximum exposure for this keyword or this search term in this in this case. So, I'm getting the maximum exposure for this search term, which means I'm getting the maximum amount of eyeballs on my ball. On my eyeballs on my ball is I get the maximum amount I can't I can't I need to go have coffee. Okay, I need to have the maximum amount of eyeballs on my book. So, I get the maximum amount of eyeballs on my book here, but this one, not so much. But what ends up happening is because I have more eyeballs, I get more clicks. And if I have more clicks, I get more sales. Exactly. And if I get more sales because I'm number one, I'm paying to be number one. If I get more sales for this keyword, what ends up happening? The conversion rate is not going to say 12%. It will go up. It might go 14 or 15 or 16 or 17. It doesn't really matter, but it will go up because you're making more sales. If your conversion rate goes up for this keyword, what's going to end up happening with your organic? That will go up as well. So now you might be placed in the third position. Now another question that will come up. By the way, you can see how this works together. Yeah. So if you if you get more sales with ads, the indexing just sees that the book is getting more sales for this keyword. It doesn't care if it's coming from ads or SEO. It just cares where like how many sales it's getting for each search term. So they work together. Another question that you might be asking is, "But Barry, why would I pay to be shown number one when I'm already on number three? people would just see me twice and then people might end up clicking here and buying here instead of clicking on the free one and buying and I'm losing money. That is a a a good question. However, why would you not want to be shown twice on a page or even three times? There's ways to be shown three times as well. I'm not going to get into that, but why would you not want to be shown twice on a page? Because if you're being shown twice on a page, what does that mean? That means that you have double the real estate that than other people. So if all the books are being shown once and your one is being shown twice or even three times, well then that means the person is more likely to click on your one because they're exposed to it more. You have more real estate. You kind of have to see it as the the broader picture, not just like just the ads cuz everything works together. Everything is one. Your book and your listing is one. Your SEO and your ads, they all work together. Your conversion rate determines how good your SEO and your ads, everything just works together. So, if I'm paying for ads and I'm being shown number one and then I'm also number three organically for the same search term, great. Because I'm showing twice, I'm being shown twice. I'm twice as likely to get the click, therefore get the sale. Now, one final thing before I go. One of the questions I get is, Barry, I have a bunch of keywords in my ads, but they're not getting impressions. They're not getting impressions. They're not getting clicks, and they're relevant. If they're irrelevant, then it makes sense why they might not be getting impressions or clicks because they're irrelevant. No one wants to click on something that they're not searching for, right? You want to click on something you're not searching for unless you're interested in it. If you're not interested in it, you won't click on it. You won't take that investment. You won't you won't click on the book. You're not interested in it. What happens if you have ads that have keywords, they're relevant keywords, but they're not getting you impressions or clicks or anything? This is what I would do. Again, everything works together, right? So, if the ads if you're targeting the keyword uh how to draw giraffes and then you're targeting how to draw giraffes but it's not getting impressions. Well, great. That means Amazon doesn't or the indexing well indexing will call it Amazon. Amazon doesn't deem this relevant to your book, which is why you're not being shown impressions for it. Now, how do you switch this? How do you get Amazon to deem this word relevant? So you can start paying for ads and being shown for these relevant keywords. It's very simple. The way it works is almost like Amazon is the is the really attractive girl and then ads is like your wingman. Oh no, ads is not the wingman. SEO is your wingman. Ads is the person trying to get the girl and then SEO is friends with the girl and then you need to go talk to this talk to SEO to be like, "Hey man, can you sort me out with this girl? Can you can you put in a good word for me with this girl? That's basically kind of like it is. Or you can you can do a job analogy or something. You want to get a job. This guy already works for the company you want to work for and this is the boss. You can get your friend to put in a good word for you. So the boss will pick you. And how do you do that? You simply take the keyword that you want to start being shown for and you put it in your SEO. What's that going to do? When you put that keyword in your SEO, you're going to start indexing for that keyword. And because you're indexed, the ads will start working better as well because you're indexed. Again, these all work together. SEO, indexing, ads, they all work together. Your ads and SEO, they work together. So, if something's not working in your ads, make sure you have that keyword somewhere in your SEO. So, Amazon can actually pick it up and start showing you for that keyword. But anyway, I hope you found this video valuable. I hope everything makes sense. If you need help with your keywords or you need help figuring out the right keywords or figuring out your ads, click on the link down below. You can work with me if you want. If you don't want to work with me, no problem. But if you want to continue watching YouTube, click on this video that just popped up here. Super super valuable video. You're going to find it super valuable. And yeah, any questions, leave comments down below. I love answering the comments. I answer every single comment. And yeah, go out there and make a bunch of money with KDP.