So, if you want to find a profitable niche on Amazon KDP, it's actually very simple. And the way I figured it out, I actually found it accidentally. Uh, no one actually taught me. I literally found it accidentally. Well, accidentally is a little bit of an understatement. However, my first book that I published on Amazon KDP made me $11 in my first month. Now, bear in mind this book, two things about this book. It took me 7 months to create. And I know what you're thinking. What does this have to do with uh finding a profitable niche? I'm going to show you very, very soon. But this book took me 7 months to create. 6 months was writing. Okay? Because I I I hear so many publishers come to me and say, "Oh, Barry, uh, I'm not a writer. I don't have money for writing." Things like that. Back then, that was a good enough excuse. I mean, I had that excuse as well, but I transitioned that excuse into, "You know what? I'll just write it myself." Was I a good writer? Absolutely not. But I had literally no other option. I started like five business before KDP. All of them failed. Of course, they failed. I had no idea what I was doing. But then I was like, "Let me just write a book." Now, I used to study psychology and I was really really bad with women and just all girls back then. I was really really bad. I didn't know how to communicate with them. So, I started studying psychology. I like to see how like humans interact with each other. And then I realized that women have a different psychological conditioning in a way than men. So, we we have different views on things and our brains work differently. So, what I ended up doing because I love the subject so much, not just not just women but psychology in general, um I actually wrote a dating book for men. Now, did I know anything about dating? Absolutely not. But guess what? It was something that like interests me at the time. How does this work? Why do some girls like some guys and they don't like other guys? Why do some guys like girls and don't like the other girls? But anyway, I really like psychology and I just like studying that kind of thing. So, I wrote a dating book for men even though I had no idea what I was doing. It's I spent 6 months writing the book cuz I had no other option. And then I spent around 1 month actually creating it, which is like formatting, book cover, all of those things that that make the book ready to publish on Amazon KDP. And that first month after 7 months of work, I made $11. Now, do you think I was depressed or do you think I was happy when I made $11 after 7 months of work? You might say I was depressed. I was the happiest guy in the world. I was so happy when these $11 hit my account because I'm telling you, I started five businesses. I tried dropshipping. I did a second drop shipping uh store. I did a website. I tried YouTube to get money from AdSense. I tried so many things. So many things. And then this is the only thing after like 2 years. I think I tried five different businesses in two years. After 2 years, I spent seven months writing a random dating book for men and it made me $11. And guess what? After around 4 to 6 months, it was quite a while ago, so I can't really remember the exact time frame, but after 4 to 6 months, this book ended up bringing me steadily $200 a month. I felt like a millionaire. This was the the greatest amount of money that I've had. Like, obviously now 200 doesn't mean anything to me. Not in a cocky way, but it's just like obviously if it did, then that means I didn't evolve as a person. That's how I see it anyway. But $200 back then was everything to me. And these seven months was completely worth it. But guess what? One thing I didn't understand was niche research or like if I was in a profitable niche or not. That that wasn't even in my mind. So here's what ended up happening cuz here's where it gets interesting. This book was making me $200 a month. And this was one of my first books on Amazon KDP. My first real book before I just like I tested out things just to see how it works. But this is my first real book and ended up making me $200 a month without any niche research. Now guess what? What ended up happening afterwards is I made another book and this book ended up failing. Now obviously it didn't take me seven months. This one I I did this book in like three days. Ended up failing. What happened afterwards is I I did another book cuz I was like ah maybe no one wants to buy this book. Took me 10 days to make this book. Guess what? Failed. Then I made another book. This one took me 14 days to make and guess what? It failed. Now when I mean failed I mean like it probably brought in $10 a month, maybe $15 a month. Sometimes I even lost money on the books. And then what ended up happening is I made I think I've either 13 or 15 different books. I did 15 different books. Every single one of them failed. I I was so depressed. I was so depressed. Every single book failed. And it it was so frustrating cuz I had no idea why. Why did this one the first book where I had no idea what I was doing. Why did this one make $200 a month? And then I did 15 other books and none of them made money. I was so depressed. I couldn't figure it out. And it's not like they were all the same book. I I did a bunch of different books. I did coloring books. I did I think I did an encyclopedia at one point. I did a how to draw book. I did multiple how to draw books. These ones actually ended up making me like $50. So, not so bad. But still, I couldn't beat my first book. Even though I was getting better, supposedly I was getting better as a publisher, I couldn't beat my first book. Why is that? I'm going to show you why. It's because I was an idiot. That's why. No, I'm just joking. I was just joking. Well, I was actually an idiot. But here here's the thing. Here's what happened. So after doing 15 books, all of them failing, only this one actually bringing me in money, I was so depressed. I was like, you know what? The next book I publish, if it doesn't bring me money, I'm going to give up. That's how determined I was. Now again, I had no idea about niche research, but I was like, "Okay, let me just do some research. And here's a bright idea. Let me make a book that people are already buying." This was my goal essentially to make a book that people are already buying. But what do people already buy? Well, I had a friend and he was like, "Hey, I like sneaker books." And then I was like, "Oh, who likes sneaker books?" No one likes sneaker books. No one would buy a sneaker book. Because that was my ego talking. Now, as soon as I dropped my ego and I said, "Hey, you know what? Maybe I don't know everything. Maybe I am an idiot. I've only made $200 a month. Maybe I don't know what I'm doing." And and and the moment I decided that I had no idea what I was doing, I opened up myself to go do research. And here's what I found. There was a few sneaker books. There was like, I don't know, 10 or 15 on page one. But the thing is around four of them were actually selling. So these guys weren't making any sales, but these four were. So in my eyes, these people were already buying books. So guess what? I was going to make a sneaker book. Did I know anything about sneakers? Absolutely not. Did I know anything about any of the books I published? I knew nothing. May maybe a little bit of psychology here, but apart from that, I knew nothing. I had no idea what I was doing. So then my final chance to sneaker books, still had no idea what I was doing, but I was like, "Hey, some people are selling. That means there are buyers out there. So, I'm just going to publish the book anyway. And as soon as I published my sneaker book, that book ended up making me $1,000 in monthly net profit. Remember, net? What does net mean? If I'm spending $1,500 on ads and then I make $2,500 back, then we minus this. Oh, no. We actually minus this. It's 25,500 minus 1,500. We're left with 1,000 clean net profit in our pocket after expenses. That's what net means. So, I was making $1,000. I went from $200 a month to $1,000 a month in net profit with one book. After publishing 16 books to get to 200, the one book made me a,000. So, what was different with this book? What was different with this niche? Well, here's what I realized. I realized one of the biggest lessons. Oh, I got two of these here. David realized we don't want this one. We only want Ollie. So, here's what I realized. I realized one very, very, very important thing. And as soon as I realized this, I applied it to every single one of my books that I published after this. And then I could just see success following me because this formula works. Doesn't matter what niche you're publishing in. Doesn't matter what book you're going to make. This formula works as long as you follow what I'm going to say. Like obviously I'm not like a super genius or whatever. I'm not like a I can't predict the future. Obviously, the amount that you're going to work, the amount of effort you're going to put in your books and your research determines your success as well. If you just watch a YouTube video then do nothing about it, you're not going to make money. &gt;&gt; But if you can take some of the things that I that I say and then apply it and then see the results for yourself, that's when you can start get becoming a better publisher. But anyway, what was different between this niche? How was I able to make $1,000 a month in net profit from that niche? Here's what I realized. Let's say a,000 people were buying in the sneaker niche. So, so there was a,000 sneaker book buyers every single month. Well, there was quite a few books on page one. There was quite a few sneaker books, right? So people have many many different options to pick from. But the thing is only these first three, the first three or four were actually making sales. So from these a thousand available buyers, these people here weren't making any sales. Or maybe this guy was making one. This guy might make two every single month. This guy might make 10. But these four guys were making the most amount of sales. So this guy was making 250 sales a month. This guy was making another 250 a month. This guy might be making a 100 a month. And this guy might be making 400 a month. Obviously, if you calculate all of this, a little bit over a thousand, but you get my point. I hope you get my point. Here's what I realized just by looking at this. I I I promise you, I felt like such an idiot when I realized this. Profitable niches don't exist. Let me say it one more time. Profitable niches don't exist. Profitable books do exist. So, it's not the niche that you're going to publish in. Obviously, obviously, before you before you start going in the comments, papar this, give me give me at least two seconds. There there's I I don't know how, but there's people that comment in on the video, so they're going to go leave a comment before even finishing the video, which is insane to me. I have people that ask me questions in the comment section and then they reply to their own comments saying, "Oh, you just answered it in the video." I'm like, "Yo, just just chill, man. It's like you you can finish the video and then put a comment. It's okay. Calm down." But anyway, profitable niches That means when we're looking at the niches, we're not really looking at the profitability of the niche. Well, not yet anyway. I want to get into that a little bit later. But we want to just make sure that they are books selling. Now, what's the difference between the books that are not selling and the books that are selling? It's not the niche cuz they're all publishing in the same niche. How is this book over here making two sales a month and this one's making 250? Obviously, this book is doing something different from this book, right? So, it's not the niche that's profitable. It's the book that's profitable. That's one of the biggest lessons I realized and I realized this way too late. So guess what? When I did my niche research and I saw all the sneaker books and I was like, "Wow, most of them are not selling, but most of them are really bad." I'm not going to swear. I got the Holy Bible right here. I really don't want to swear. But all of these are really bad. There's a few that are really good. So guess what? Guess what, Barry the Genius. If you make a book that's actually good, let me write this down or Yep. If you make a book that's actually good, then you create a product that people want to buy. And you just have to publish that quality book inside a niche where people are already making sales. It's already proven. There's already people willing to buy your book, but they're not going to buy your book unless it's good. So, it's not the niche that matters. The niche matters a little bit, but not on how profitable you're going to be. Again, it does matter a little bit, but if you don't have a quality book, then you can publish in the best niche in the world where they're making the most amount of sales. you're still not going to make sales cuz no one wants to buy your bad book. And I know what you're asking. But Barry, how am I going to create a quality book if I have so many people to compete with and these guys are already good quality? That's a very very good question. Well done for for asking that. I'm going to show you right now what you need to do because I had the same problem. Like these four guys, they're very very big guys. The guys I was competing with. If you know anything about sneakers, I don't know if you know sneaker freak or sneaker freaker, something like that. massive magazine. Massive magazine. That's like a It's like a traditional publisher. They have a magazine. They have people behind their back. And I was still making I was stealing I was stealing a lot of their sales. I wasn't making more sales of them cuz they're massive. But I stole a lot of their sales. And that book became a bestseller because it was high quality. Why was it high quality? It's very very simple. So the question is, how can you make sales if you're competing with so many people? Well, a lot of people do one mistake and they look at the search results. So, if you're doing niche research and you're looking at the search results, well, I mean, what are you doing? Like, what are you actually looking at? If you're if you're saying, "Hey, this this niche has too many search results. I'm not going to publish in it." You're you're probably doing it wrong. I'll show you why. When you search for something, let's say we search for sneaker book. Great. We're searching for sneaker book. Yes, I did change the color. I'll show you why. Let's say we're searching for sneaker book. We're going to have all of this. So, we're going to have like a,000 search results. Do you think there's a,000 sneaker books in on these search results? If you think that, I guarantee you're wrong. Because if you search sneaker book, go on Amazon and then go on pages further down. So go on page seven, go on page 12, go on page 15, they are still included in the search results. Those pages, the products that show up on those pages still included in the search results. But guess what? When you go on those pages, most of the books are going to be irrelevant. What does that mean? That means it's not going to be sneaker books. That means it's going to be anything but a sneaker book. So when someone is searching sneaker book, if they're finding books that aren't sneaker books, they're irrelevant, which means they're not your competitors. So what's stage two? Well, stage two is some of those books are actually going to be relevant. So they are actually going to be uh sneaker books, right? And from these relevant books, there might only be like 50 relevant books. So essentially, you only have like 50 sneaker books, basically. The other ones might be like sneaker coloring books. Not sneaker coloring books, that was a bad example. The other ones might be Michael Jordan's basketball biography or something like that. So like it it Michael Jordan's big with sneakers and things like that. He has a Jordan brand, but it's not a sneaker book. It's a Michael Jordan book. So these are going to show up in the irrelevant ones in here are going to be just sneaker books. So Nike books and Adidas books and things like that. I don't know. I don't know sneaker. I haven't looked at the sneaker niche in ages. But here's the best part. Out of these ones that are relevant, only very very very few or in in some niches quite a few are actually selling. So out of these relevant ones, these are the ones that are actually selling. Now I think it's best to go to computer barrier. He's going to show you more clearly. Let's just quickly go to and then we'll come back to this and continue this. Hey, computer barrier here. So let me just quickly show you what I mean. So let's say we type in chair yoga for seniors. So I got chair yoga for seniors. We have a bunch of options right here. I'm just going to type in the broadest version possible. Chair yoga for seniors. And check this out. We have a,000 results right now. Does that mean that we have a thousand books? Probably not. So, you can see everything here is chair yoga. You can see all these chair yoga books. They basically all look the same. Uh no, no judgment here, but you can see everything says chair yoga. So, everything is chair yoga. If I go all the way down and then let's just go on like page three. Let's see how many of them are actually chair yoga. So, we still have chair yoga. Chair exercises. That's great. Chair yoga is still chair yoga, which is awesome. And then let's keep going. Page four, everything is chair yoga. And then usually it's going to start not being chair yoga very very soon. So you can see this is just yoga therapy and it's prime video. This isn't even a book. This is just normal yoga for beginners. Again, prime video, not even a book. And as we keep going, they get more and more irrelevant. Gentle chair yoga. This one's a DVD. Again, not even a book. These are all chair exercises. Yep. This one is just balance and strength. So it's not actually chair yoga. It is a form of yoga, but it's not specifically chair yoga. We're looking for specific chair yoga. Again, these are well or no, these are chair yoga, but you can see like as you go more and more, they become a lot more irrelevant. And also, the thing is like, yes, there's a thousand results. A lot of them are going to be irrelevant. And a lot of them, the majority of them are not going to be selling. And there's reasons why they're not selling. So, we don't really want to focus on the ones that aren't selling. We want to focus on the ones that are selling. So, we can see what's common between them that's good, that people like, why are they selling? And then we can replicate that for our book as well. If we type in another one, by the way, here you can see there was like war Pilateses. So, you can see war Pilateses workout for women. It has nothing to do with chair yoga for seniors, but it's still showing up in the search results for chair yoga for seniors. So, it makes up some of these. Well, now it's 4,000 results. So, let's type in how to draw animals for kids. If we type in how to draw animals for kids, we're going to go down. We can see this is how to draw cute animals. Awesome. Learn to draw animals. Great. Page one is showing us a bunch of animals. How to draw animals. How to draw everything. Not the most appropriate, but again, it's how to draw. But then if I go down, down, down, down, down. This one's how to draw sharks. Again, it's just sharks. It's not animals. So, you can see that not all the search results are relevant. So, you can't just look at this number right here, 10,000, and say, "Oh, there's 10,000 how to draw animal book for kids." No, most of them are not even going to be animals. This one's dinosaurs. Another dinosaur one. This one's woodland woodland friends. I don't even know what that is. This is just summertime. This is cartoon characters. This is how to draw everything. This is how to draw people. You get me? So, we're like steering further and further from the animal niche. Now, let me just go to this one. This is how to draw guns. Probably can't advertise. But anyway, let's go on here to page like 16. Great. Page 16. Now, if we go down, how to draw zoo animals. That's still appropriate, but then again, it's going to find you're going to find a lot of things that aren't appropriate. How to paint with a with acrylics. So, this is a how to paint book. It's not even a how to draw book. So you can see the further down you go the more irrelevant they become. So we need to focus on our actual competitors, the ones that are actually relevant to our niche. Then we also need to focus on the ones that are actually selling. Again, you can take a look at the ones that aren't selling. You can still get some things from them, but we need to focus on the ones that are selling because they have common patterns between them that we can extract and implement into our book. But anyway, let's get back to whiteboard battery. Great. Now that computer battery showed you what I mean. These people right here, these are your competitors. These are actually your competition, not the search results. The search results are pointless. They're useless. This is what matters. The people that are actually selling in your niche. So now your job isn't to make the best book in the world for that can compete with all of these. And your job isn't to make a better book that can compete with all of these either. Your job is simply to make a book that is the same quality, higher quality, or unique in a way. It doesn't even have to be better. It really does not have to be better. I've made books. I promise you, I've made books that I was not proud of publishing. They were really, really bad books. So, so all the marketing, the title that I picked, the book cover that I did, the A+ content that I put, because of that, because the packaging was done so well and used my psychological triggers, it was able to make sales. Not just a sneaker book. I've done this many, many times. I've been doing this for eight years. You get me? It's boring at this point. It's not boring. And KDB is kind of fun, but it's just boring seeing like it's predictable. You you know what's wrong, you know what's not wrong. It's predictable. It's almost like you finish the video game and then it's like great. You just have to replay the levels again. I still love talking about KDP. I still love KDP. I love business. But like the process is predictable. When you know what you're doing, it gets a lot easier. There's no anxiety. There's nothing like that. But anyway, you might be saying, "But Barry, these competitors are very, very high quality. How can I beat them?" You don't have to do a better book than them. You just have to do a different book than them. You have to package it differently. You have to do something unique. Maybe you can add something to it that they don't have that makes your book unique. I'll get into a little bit deeper, but the biggest lesson is there are no profitable niches. Anyone who asks for a profitable niche, it doesn't exist. Only profitable books exist. Literally, if I tell you, hey, tell me a profitable niche. If you tell someone, okay, if you ask any of these gurus, hey, give me a profitable niche, and they tell you a niche, they're lying to you. Profitable niches don't exist. Profitable books do exist. Now, there are niches with more demand, right? demand, not profitability. There's niches with more demand or higher profit margins, but there's no niches that are profitable. There's no profitable niches. No one buys the niche. People buy the books. I really really hope this makes sense because I I always get the same questions again and again. Barry, tell me a profitable niche. Barry, is this is this niche a profitable niche? I'm publishing in this niche. Do you think it's good, Barry? It's like I haven't even seen your book. I don't even know what you're publishing. I mean, if you if you publish an empty book in that niche, what am I supposed to do? I I hope this is making sense. Okay, so we covered two main things. Profitable niches don't exist. Only profitable books exist. And then also search results are basically a scam. What you want to do is actually look at your competitors. Now, once you figured that out, by the way, as a side note, if you want to see how many sales your competitors are making to make sure that they're making enough sales that you can go in and steal them from them. And I'm going to show you how to steal those sales from them. Don't worry, I'm going to show you everything in this video. The first thing you want to do is search your keyword. So, let's say it's a cocktail book for beginners. Okay, page one, you're going to see all the cocktail books. What you're going to do is you're going to go inside each one and you're going to look at their ABSR. This is Amazon bestseller rank. This is like the number that Amazon gives you, which means it's your position on Amazon based on how many sales you're making. If your ABSR is number one, that means you're making a bunch of sales a day. You're making more sales than anyone else on Amazon. If your ABSR is like 300,000, that means there's 299,999 people making more sales than you. I hope that makes sense. So, you're going to take the ABSR number, you're going to go on Google, and you're going to type in ABSR calculator or Kindle ABSR calculator or KDP ABSR calculator, whatever you want. Type ABSR calculator. Click on one of the calculators that come up. Usually, I use Kindlereneurs one. You're going to put the ABSR, you're going to put the marketplace. I think there's one more thing that I asked for you. And then it's basically going to give you a rough estimate of how many sales they make in a day. If you can't be bothered to do that, then usually what I find is 90,000 ABSR is around well 90,000 to 100,000 ABSR is around one sale a day, which is not the best, but it's like good enough to see like there's some traction. And then obviously anything under 90,000 is like more than one sale a day roughly. Again, use the calculator so you can figure it out. Now, if you're thinking, "But Barry, it's so tedious to just click on each one of those books individually." I know it is. That's why I go on Google Chrome. I use an extension called DS Quick View. Is it called? Yeah, it is called DS Quick View. It's called Amazon DS Quick View. So, type in Amazon DS quick view. I'm going to show you a quick screenshot or a screen recording right here. So, Amazon DS quick view. just click on it, install it into your Chrome, and then when you go on Amazon, when you search for something, the the ASIN and the ABSR will actually show up in the search results. So, you don't have to click on it. You can just copy and paste it, or you could just see the see it straight away on page one. This is way way more helpful. And no, there's no affiliate links. So, like if you go in the description, there's no affiliate links. There's no like I'm making money off you. I don't make money off you through YouTube. That's not the type of person I am, I guess. But anyway, now that you know the books that are making sales, here's what you need to do. You don't necessarily need to make a better book than them. That takes a lot of effort and it's usually going to require you to be a better publisher or or a more experienced publisher. And a lot of the times when you're publishing on Amazon, you're actually going against traditional publishers. And traditional publishers obviously know what they're doing. They probably been in the business for years and they have their own printers and things like that. They have their own design team. But you, like you, I'm talking to you right now. you're probably just one person. Like, I'm I'm 90% sure you're probably just one person. And then maybe you're going on like Fiverr and hiring these cheap people to help you out. Well, guess what? Traditional publishers are not doing that. So, usually it's going to be very hard for you to compete with traditional publishers in terms of quality. They're probably going to destroy you in terms of quality. So, what else can we do to basically steal sales from our competitors? Well, that's where packaging comes in. What does packaging mean? So, packaging is actually super super simple. The only thing packaging means is differentiation. If I'm able to spell this word onto me, differentiation. There we go. Hopefully, that's correct. So, I was going to publish a chair yoga book uh quite quite a long time ago. It doesn't really matter anymore. Uh but I I published this chair yoga book quite a long time ago before chair yoga for seniors was like a a popular niche, way before it was popular. What I ended up doing is I applied the same principles that I that I've showed you in this video. So, I found a niche which was chair yoga for seniors. A lot of people were buying and there was quite a few books on page one or in that niche, but only a few of them were actually selling. And that's literally the only criteria I saw. And basically what I wanted was to see what was similar between these books that were selling cuz I don't really care what these guys are doing. Well, you can look at that as well because sometimes you can see what not to do. That's also some helpful a helpful tip right there. However, I wanted to see what these guys were doing. Why were these books selling and these books weren't? What was different between them? and what was common between them. That's what I wanted to see. And one of the things that I found common between them was the fact that they had photos inside. So, it wasn't just chair yoga. Hey, here's the here's how to sit on your chair and fix your back. They also had photos showing you the position. Some of them had multiple photos for each exercise. So, this one had photos and was selling. This one had photos and was selling. This one actually had no photos, just information, and it was still selling. So, if I wanted to make a chair yoga book for seniors, if I added photos, would that increase the likelihood that I would sell and actually make money in this niche? Probably. Yes. However, my packaging, so my differentiation, my packaging would be exactly the same as theirs. It wouldn't be different. So, I wouldn't have unique packaging. I think I should put unique here as well. There we go. We want unique packaging. So, what I ended up doing is I saw that they were making photos, photos, and this guy had no photos. So for my book, what I was going to have inside was illustrations, right? Cuz no one else had it. No one else had illustrations in this niche. I'm telling you, this was before it got popular. Before all these gurus were trying to promote shay yoga for seniors, I did a chair yoga for seniors book. And that book ended up becoming a bestseller. It ended up making over 1,200 in net profit. Again, net profit, not talking about revenue. And then I spent like 800 on ads and I had nothing left. 1,200 was net. I think I was making like 2 2.5 or 2.2 2.3 somewhere somewhere there in revenue, but 1,000 over $1,000 in net profit. And why? Because of the illustrations, because of my unique packaging, because it was different. So the whole point of the book isn't to become better, because it's a little bit harder to be better. And by the way, these guys with the photos, they were traditional publishers. They they had like hundreds of reviews. Some of them had thousands of reviews. And my one still ended up being a bestseller in that category, in that niche. Why? because it it had unique packaging. Now guess what happened afterwards? After I put illustrations and the illustration book started selling and it became a bestseller. Guess what happened? All the copycats flooded the market. All the gurus preaching like oh go do shog yoga for seniors and all the people watching YouTube saying hey share yoga for seniors is a profitable niche. They came in they saw the bestseller that it was using illustrations and they just copied it. And guess what? A lot of people publishing in the chair yoga for seniors niche today are not making sales. Why? because they're not using unique packaging. They're not differentiating. They're literally doing the exact same thing that's already out there, expecting someone to pick them over the person that's been there for like 2 years and has more reviews than them and everything. So, there needs to be something unique about your book, unique packaging that's going to attract people to buy your book. Because here's what happens when you have unique packaging. This is the customer. If a customer searches chair yoga for seniors and then all the photo books are over here in their mind, let's say all these books were over here and my book was over here. Why? Because it was different. So the customer places my book, my illustration heavy book inside a separate compartment of their mind essentially because it's just not the same. Obviously, it's a book. It's the same information, right? It's the same information. You can't really change the information. We're selling books. It's the same information, but it's just presented differently. That's the important part. So, when everyone's telling you, "Hey, this is a profitable niche," it's only a profitable niche if you create a profitable book with a unique packaging or not with a unique packaging, but with unique packaging in order to differentiate in your marketplace and then you can steal the sales. And then you're going to be placed in here. And then not only will you be placed in here with the guys that are selling, you're also going to be placed in a separate category in the customer's brain because yours is different. All the books are the same. They're talking about the same thing. You just have to show it in a different way. And it's not just illustrations. I'm not saying like go find a niche where everyone's putting photos or they don't have illustrations, put illustrations. No, actually sit and be creative about it. Actually sit down and think about it. It's as simple as that. Just think about the customer. Hey, how can I do this in order to create a better book for my customer? What can I do differently? Don't just go in the comment section, Barry, tell me the answers because I'm too lazy to think. No, actually sit there. It's your business. You're making your own book. Think about how can you make your one differently. Don't expect everything to be given to you. You have to sit and think. And there's many ways to do this. I remember I had another book. It was a how to draw book. And that one did pretty good as well. And while everyone was selling how to draw for kids, it was how to draw cute stuff. So, everyone was selling how to draw cute stuff. And great, it was a niche. It had demands. And then obviously everyone had illustrations. So I had to sit there and think, how am I going to make my one different so I can have unique packaging? Well, I said, I'm going to show you how to draw Q stuff in five steps or less. This was my unique packaging. So this is basically saying my one is easier than everyone else's. Subconsciously, this was my USP. A USP is a unique selling point. It's something unique, your unique packaging, something that's different. Differentiation can be better. If you don't want a cookbook, you can say, "Hey, with five ingredients or less, with five steps or less, five minutes or less, there's so many different things you can do." Just actually sit there and think. If you can't sit there and think, "I I can't help you. I really can't help you." But that's the real problem. When people are looking for profitable niches, the niche is only like 30% of the game. Once you find the niche, great. You're 30% of the way there. The rest of it is you actually making a quality book and making a book with unique packaging. Otherwise, why would anyone pick your book? If I ask you why would someone pick your book instead of someone else's and you don't have an answer to that, well, you messed up. But anyway, one final thing at the end of the day, the most important factor or one of the most important factors, everything we spoke about in this video is extremely important. You need to make sure you follow everything we talked about in this video. I'm not going to say you can't succeed without this video, but you have a higher chance of succeeding if you apply what you've learned in this video. Now, here's the thing. One of the most important factors when it comes to figuring out what niche to publish in. Super super important. At the end of the day, we are running a business. And what is the purpose of a business? To make money. So, if the purpose of a business is to make money, one of the most important factors when selecting the niche to publish in is how much money is it actually going to give you? In other words, what is the I'd say high what is the profit margin? Right? So, if we have two niches to select from, they all follow the exact same thing, but one niche, if you publish your book, it gives you $3 per sale and the other one gives you $7 per sale. Well, great. You basically have to sell half the copies to make the same amount of money. So, when I do my niche research, I mean, if you want to go publish a book that makes you only $3, sure, I can't force you to publish a book that's going to make you more money. If you want to go publish a book that's going to make you less money, you do you. I I can't help you. However, if I'm going to publish a book inside a niche, I am looking for the highest profit margin niche. And how do you determine this? Super super simple. When you go inside your niche and you research your competitors, look at their price. Look at their price. Look at their printing. Is it black and white? Look at their page count. And then you're going to go on KDP royalties calculator on Google. And when you search KDP royalties calculator on Google, you're going to click on the website which is KDP's website. It's going to ask you to fill out some information, the marketplace, how many pages, the trim size, the price, things like that. And then it's basically going to give you how much profit they are making, per se. If one niche is giving you $3 profit, then great. You have to sell loads of copies to make decent amount of money. Now, decent amount of money is different for everyone, but let's say you want to make $1,000. That's like a a re a super realistic goal. when people say like even 10,000 is a realistic goal. It's just usually takes a longer time frame unless you have someone like if you work with me, you'll be able to reach it in a much shorter time obviously because you have extra help from someone that literally done it a bunch of times. But again, I'm not here to sell you anything. Don't worry. But if you're aiming for $1,000, that means you have to make around 333 sales per month with this book, which is around 11 sales a day. 11 sales a day is a lot harder than if you're making $7 and you want to make $1,000 a month. Then what's that? I need to do the maths. Oh, this is 142 sales a month, which is around five sales a day. Well, if you told me, "Hey, Barry, I'm new to KDP. I don't really know what I'm doing. I'm not the most experienced in the world. I don't really have design skills. I'm going to be hiring people from Fiverr, so my books are probably going to be lower quality. And because they're lower quality, it probably means I'm going to make less sales than everyone else who's been doing it longer than me and has more reviews than me and higher quality books than me. Should I publish the book that I need to make 11 sales a day or five sales a day? Well, if you're a beginner or even if you're experienced, then still making five sales a day to make $1,000 is so much easier, twice as easy as making 11 sales a day for the same amount of money. So much easier. So, I would always pick the highest profit margin niche. So that means if all the books in my niche are selling anywhere around like $9.99 or like $12.99, this is not the highest profit margin niche you could find. However, there's other niches that sell at like $15 all the way up to like $25. These niches are amazing because usually like 15 is usually going to be like $16.99 or $17. You could probably make around $7 profit. Again, it depends on so many different factors. I can't predict every single book out there, but it depends on your page count. If you're doing it black and white colored, like if you have a niche where everyone's selling 25, you can afford to have a colored interior because the price allows you to have a colored interior. Your printing cost will go up, but great, you're still making $78 profit, I think. Obviously, it depends on the page count, and a lot of other things, page count, trim size. I can't predict your specific book, but profit margin is one of the the most important ones that most publishers skip. And so many publishers are just sticking to low content because they're making a bunch of excuses about high content, why they can't do high content. And all the excuses are are false. By the way, if you want me to make a video on why all the excuses that you have about not publishing high content, they're all false. They're all terrible. None of it makes sense. You can literally publish a high content with $20. So if you're sitting there, oh, but high content is really expensive. It takes a lot of time. You can publish a high content book with $20 in 7 days. And I'm not saying that randomly. I've done it and the book is making money and it cost me $20 to create and it cost me 7 days to create. 7 days, $20 I have a high content book where I'm making $7 profit instead of $3 profit. And besides, Amazon's like trying to push away all the low content people. The only people, the only reason people are making a bunch of low content books is because most of the people on YouTube are promoting low content, even though it's harder. They're promoting low content to beginners even though it's harder to make money from low content. And I know this it's such a controversial thing to say, but it's just my opinion. You're allowed, you're allowed to have your own opinion. It's all it's all good. And by the way, I'm not saying you can't make money with low content. I'm just saying it's harder. I'm just saying I'm literally showing you you have to make 11 sales a day for a low content book to make a,000. But for a high quality, you can make five sales a day. Five sales a day is not that hard as long as you know what you're doing. And also, Amazon is actually decreasing the amount of royalties you make. If your book is under $10, if your book was like $9.99 and you're making $3 profit, now you're probably making two. So, Amazon is like destroying you, making it so much harder for you if you're doing a little content. And I've been visioning this for like a year. Some people converted to high content and they're making money. Other people stay with low content. Again, no problem. If you want to stick with low content, I can't tell you what to do. However, I'm just saying that it's easier. So, if you want to find a profitable niche, just follow exactly what I told you. If you follow exactly what I told you, it will be so much easier for you to make money. Obviously, you still have to go make your book, but make sure you have that unique packaging that we talked about as well. Now, if all of this is overwhelming to you and you just want me to help you out, you can go in the description. You'll figure out how to work with me. you can apply to work with me and I can help you with every single step of the way to make sure that you're like your journey is as smooth as possible basically and you can actually achieve the results that you want to achieve way faster than everyone else because if you have the knowledge and the guidance from me obviously you're going to achieve it much faster if you go out there and do it by yourself and you just search on YouTube obviously it's going to take you a lot longer not saying it's impossible you can still succeed it's going to take you longer you're going to have to test out more things for yourself you're going to listen to a bunch of different opinions and see which one's best which one works you're probably going to waste a lot of money as well so if you want to avoid all that go in the description click on it, apply to work with me, and if you're eligible, then I'll be more than happy to work with you and help you out with your KDP journey. But if you want to continue watching YouTube, then I would strongly suggest you click this video that popped up right now. Super super valuable video. You're going to find, I promise you, you're going to find it super super valuable. Click on it, continue watching, continue learning, and actually apply what you learn cuz that's the only way that you're going to see results. But anyway, go out there and make a bunch of money with KDP.