All right guys, um good um good day. So this is part two of the the last video I made. Um I wanted to make everything in that video but I have to split them into two right now. Um okay. So let's start my today. Now we're going to be we're going to be dealing mostly with US market and UK market. That's mostly what we're going to do today cuz that's where most of the sales come from UK and US market. Right now, let let me show you something. So on Amazon, if you go on Amazon like we did the last on the last call, Amazon bestsellers. Then you have Amazon new releases. Right? So these are the two major stuff we are going to be using for US and UK marketplace. Then we do our research here as usual. You have your extension installed. You have extensions installed. Titans quick titans pro. These are the two extensions I use. Welcome [snorts] to my channel. This is Joshua Bat and um my YouTube channel I try to teach you one or two things I know about KDP. I'm not a guru but I a lot of things are working for me I try to share it with you. If you want to join the community the link will be in the comment section so you can click on it and join the WhatsApp community and then likemind publishers and you gain a lot of experience and motivation to keep on going because you know the importance of communities to keep pushing to keep pushing. When you come there, you see a lot of people doing great numbers. You want to be like them and then boom. So now I'm back to this. So it's going to be showing. Now you search for the one that has the GBS. That's books. So you want to go to books straight up. Now open another one for new ladies. New laz books. Go to books. Now I don't know the I don't know the niche you are doing. I think most of the niche have um see similar pattern. If you are doing modeling, if you want to model books, if you want to do particular niche, I think many of them have um this [snorts] what do I even call it? I think many of them have this same research pattern. So you have to find out what was trending. Okay, this 26 a lot of people are making new year plans. So how do they achieve this new year plans? They have to buy books on them. That's why if you check now books that are selling the most are selfs they are the ones selling mostly right now. So is this something are you a kind of person that you can do any niche or you kind of person that you are just there I don't know how to put it but you understand what I'm trying to say. So for instance now this is [snorts] this is a novel this lem theory it's been on Amazon it's been number one for some time it does go go down to 30 then take back spot for over a year now you see it's a very solid book now [snorts] this is Bible in 52 weeks this is um the Bible these are bestsellers on Amazon and you see many of them they books on like bestsellers as supposed to like sell for a very long time. The new list are books that are just released that are doing good. So see many of them. So in the last video I think I was more of using everything. I didn't really niche down on any of them. So let me show you how to niche down. How to niche down. First of all, this is a free tool. I I didn't use a paid plan for this so that if you're just starting, you don't feel like it's it's not um something you can use um paid free tools for. So I use a free you see times the free one and you see um price range this doesn't matter for now. So now we check which niche do I want to see. I [snorts] think one of your essential skill need on Amazon ability to adapt. If you stick to one niche for a very long time and you see that not give you the kind of result you want any longer, why not do something else? Why not try a new niche, why not must be that maybe you feel like I cannot do better in other niche. All right? So for there was time I was doing biographies, I've stopped. There was time I was doing travel, I've stopped. So all these things you you take your time all these categories every day go through it open different tabs for books and monitor the books after for instance now Christian children's books let's say children's book for instance so these are these are book me in children's book now I see many of these book have dragon in them this one is wild wing fire I think you just have to be if you did verbally reason when you're in second primary school you're able to like check dragon so you know that stories about dragon they're kind of doing well this period for whatever reason I don't know so we can go on them and find something find something to work on you understand find something to work on from this um what do you call it from this titles. I'm not this is not kind of full. I know it's full video on keyword but I can like start showing you how to start crafting titles or something but let me give you an instance. So if you come here now this is talons of power wings of fire that's dragon. Then this is um dragon masters. Dragon masters dragon master. This is I think defending the sw dragon. This is more like a series book or something then. Okay, those ones they're about um dragon, right? So, you can come and see something like [snorts] the wing master talon or talons of the wing mask. See, I'm joining two titles together and it's not going to be trademark. This is going to have a dragon there. Then when you do this kind of book, just run free promotion for Amazon to push your book. Then you can use keywords like these ones so that when they search these will pop up and from there [snorts] you start selling and you don't have to panic about everything like it you don't use same title it's just something similar this is um sweet valley twins don't mind my voice I have I kind of have cash but I'm going to leave this video today and this is um a babysitter club so you can write book on babysitting you check. I'm going to do one research. I'm going to do research. I'm just showing you, right? So, for instance, now this is um the big book of funny memes. And if you look at here, you see something like 19. So, this person is writing this book constantly 1 2 3 4 up to 19. But this 19 one stop. Now, when this book starting now, all the other ones that he's done start selling. So this is um um stranger things this um city spies book right so if you open another tab let's say I open another for Amazon [snorts] and I come and search for the big book of funny so that's what I'm looking for right want to for the big book of but let's come back to best sellers though let me do one search on bestsellers this one I was checking was is new release so now let me is actually best sellers. Let's see how it goes. All right. So now which niche are we going to check on? Best sellers this. Okay. Okay. This is even best sellers. Let's say I want to look for health. Let's check health, fitness, and diet. my little press editor is [snorts] you see. So now let's go to this children's book. Let's go to health, fitness, and dieting on bestselling books. You want if you want your books to last for a very long time, it's better use bestselling to do your research. is want it to like that trend that timing can just pick and make money in that period. Sometimes he ends up lasting for long, sometimes it doesn't. All right. So, first of all, this one for this book is the seven skills of lasting health. You can do things like this skills of lasting health. What are the skills for lasting health? You understand? Something like that, right? Maybe instead of doing health skill, do something like six skills of lasting health. Uh-huh. Stuff like that. Now, this one is um Okay. Trying to I'm trying to get into this health fitness. Okay. This is for health fitness. But these are best sellers. The other one they are new releases in health and fitness. Right now [snorts] if you check here now out live science art of longevity instead of doing outlive as your title you can do something like the science art of longevity right [snorts] so this I'm just giving you proper book research we have not like start using extension this is what I do I want to write I want to write something that remember I told you we are not established authors we are just feeding off those established authors we are independent authors publishers So those ones just try as much as pos so this is what expect when you're expecting atomic habit of as a man think and many of them many of them okay now let's use this one as in design I'll leave science and art of living of longevity so instead of searching the title I'll Search designs and acts of eligibility. Okay. So, sorry about um that. Now you search for longevity how to science the art of longevity. That's that was the original title we s the science art of longevity. Now you can write books on longevity. These are titles to you don't want to write anything that is risky that will expose your account. Write instead of writing the book using the title just write something around around it. I don't know if that's what I'm trying to say. For instance, instead of art with your title, you do something like the science, the science of longevity, how to age longer. Just about aging, then translate it. Always translate your book different language. You see this one habits that require for longevity. You see, even use the same color cover pattern of of of that one. But see Amazon didn't fly it but not use the same title. So that's things you should not. So as much as we try to avoid publishing asking for right it's very crazy try as much as possible to avoid it. Right. So this is for health different niche. Now now let's use extension. This this is where I'm going to wrap up. Um, this I'm going to wrap it up. As time goes on, if I discover new research techniques, I will share. But this I'm going to wrap it up. So now, let's go back to let me go back to Amazon. Let me use one to do what I want to do. Fl. So I'm going to be using a title from so I'm going to use self this time. I'm going to use self for my research. So let me go to self. See take your time. Go through all these niches all of them you can find something just have an idea that you see things that are selling there write something related to things that are selling there so you leverage on the market it can be on the diet it can be on the concept any of them that you want to go into is very very okay don't know if you understand very very you want to do sport and outdoors click on sport and outdoors check all the business what are they all about are they talking about tennis are they talking about football are they talking about um la just the client said you can go and create book on it and then you can use some of the use so that when they start with those book have chance of popping up and meeting your target audience you understand so this is my favorite niche religion and spirituality I love religion and spirituality a lot then okay you see this are now spiritual hygiene practical guide to cleaning guide to what to clean living. So you can do something like guide on clean living authority and doesn't have to use this title just the concept what this book talking about then you create it you can use our book spiritual hygiene in your subtitle and when your book is going to show your keyword that rank your book. So other sides of change a lot of them if you do if you are writing all of them translating them at the end of the month you start noticing you making sales. So if you drive through different niches in a month and you see the one that gives you the most you double down on it and you start creating more on that particular one that gives you the sales. Right? 21 days of fasting and prayer. You see this one you don't need to do any you can use the exact same title it's one days of this thing let me show you so this is one days of fasting and prayer fasting and prayer journal you can create journal for it and there going to be a lot of result definitely 400 I normally do less than 300. So it's something you want to go for. For me, I'll do less than 20. These are books. If it's a journal, journal is not you can only you can create 50 50 journals. So imagine 48 result and only you have 50 inside them. You already make you you book ranking. I don't even think there much journal. You can change. Now one thing you should know that when you testing a unit that you have never done before, always check the interior of that book. Always check see what is like inside. It's not because I need to sell it. You let me dive into it. You might go and create rubbish and you get bad reviews and you not sell anything. You just waste your time. So you go inside and see is this something I can create? This is the interior of the book that opens out is nothing. It doesn't have much much just journal page by page and it doesn't even take much 57 pages. This person price don't price $4.99 maybe strategy because his book was $10 before he reduced it maybe when he started it back different strategies. So that's why you have to monitoring people's book or your competitor's book. So this is lead makers power of short prayers because you can just go and search power of short prayers write something around it you understand. So be creative with your be creative with your your book research. Check titles every you see there let's say this niches has first 50 pages open tab different tabs search it and when you come back maybe after one day you come back you can do um what do you call it you you check all the BS you can refresh you see the new BS and then drop okay this something I can work on this not something I can work on you understand so click that from me and then these are just a few tips for I will just see less than 300 result when you're searching um most of the books shouldn't have like even if most of the book have reviews that means you have to run a review for your book if many of them most of them don't have reviews no need to run review you can leave it or you can draw review to stand out if you see that books that are selling run ads you can run and maybe spend $10 to push your book to the top just 0.2 2 0.2 that's like 50 clicks and you spend $10. It doesn't have to sell anything. Just those impressions and click will push your book to the top and for starting organically. So if you and please make sure before you write a book be sure that this book is going to sell. I don't write books that will not sell cuz if I come say this book you might not do the amount you want it to do but at least let it sell. You understand? So take your time go through all the niches on Amazon. I won't say all the niches that interest you. I feel like I have I have enough for this can go into them. People some people love computer technology. I love computer technology but the books under computer technology they are very big. So I wouldn't go and be writing them you understand. [snorts] So um there self there there's a lot of niche that you can go into. Even on computer you have game guide, hardware, DIY. So all these things you know kind of you have to be careful with them books that they have practical like these are top 10 funniest Minecraft memes. I've seen this book a lot of times and they are selling very well. Use bundles. Write many of them. The funniest Minecraft memes. You see? See four, five, six. And this is even one the same person Santos. Not like you just check them. Maybe just internet names like just screenshot them and put so [snorts] 8,000 BSR Kindle store. This one is 12,5,000. Just one person that dominated this title is making crazy money from it. So you understand can write one and then do something. So [snorts] I think um that's that's the end of the the research for uh US marketplace. So let me just quickly do a quick on UK market. Sometimes your title if your title is very saturated like this lovely this thing on US market you can come on UK market and sell it. For instance, let me search weight loss. So now this is um January. So a lot of people want to lose weight. This is a weight loss pill. We weight loss for seniors. Most times it's senior that wants to lose weight or obese people search obese disable. You can also niche down. What they mean by niching down instead of you can do 60 plus. You have seniors. You have senior 60 plus. They have actually between 4 to 9. So now the result have reduced. So if you search weight loss and you see chair yoga that means chair yoga is the title that is selling under weight loss. You can now go and search chair yoga for seniors. Chair yoga for seniors. So let's let's narrow this. Remember, always set it to books so it don't give you it doesn't mix different drugs and stuff for you. So when you set it is 1,000 2,000. So you can keep oning down. This kind of books you have to worry if you have to run out. But it will sell. It will sell. But if you run at 3,000 BS, it's going to sell. So take your time. Go through the different market. These ones you can use new best sellers. Sort them out. Check them. This n score stuff I don't use it that much but it's something you can use. If it's le if it's greater than 80 profitable you understand greater than 62 it's moderate anything less than 50 just leave the book or if you do it dominate right so that's the end of um keyword and book like I said let me do a wrap you don't book you see I did book you go to new releases you Check the niche you want to go for. You do um proper research. You search the title and see how many people have created it. There less than 300. You can hop in cuz most time Amazon will push your book as a new person or as a new release. So that's nice. If your book is not selling after a month, you can update the keyword. Amazon will push it up. But don't do too often unless they start suspected and they might flag your account. Then that's for this one. Then for the keyword remember your own keyword your book is going to pop up and from there recognizing your book and you start selling organically without the need for your own book. You don't need to you can do five books on an account model properly that they don't have to ask you for publishing right don't use your title just use work around the concept that they coming from you understand so thank you for join thank you for quality