The reason why you're not getting sales is primarily because of the niche that you are in. A lot of people don't understand that your niche can actually determine whether you get sales or not. I have broken down five easy steps that you're going to use to determine if a niche is profitable or not. So that you don't end up wasting your time creating books that at the end of the day are not going to sell. If you follow these steps that I'm going to show you in this video, you can easily determine if the niche you are in or the niche you're about to go into is going to be successful or not. The first thing you are going to do is that you want to check for demand. You see, demand is so important in any business whatsoever. And Amazon KDP is not an exception. When you're going into a niche, you have to determine if there are enough people in that niche that actually want to buy books. There are niches that have more buyers than others. And what you want to do is that you want to focus on those niches that actually have more buyers than the others. So, how do you actually know that a niche has demand or not? There are many ways to know that a niche has demand or not. But there's a way that I use and I'm going to show you the exact process that I use. The first thing I do is that I actually go into that niche and type the primary keyword of that niche. So if the niche for example is word search books for adult just an example what I want to do is that I want to actually just type that primary keyword search book for adult. Now when I go to word search book for adult the first books that appear on the first page of the search result in that particular niche I want to check the first 10 their bests sellers because what Amazon does is that Amazon actually makes that the books that are selling very well is what they put at the first page. I want to check their BSR right? I want to check their bestseller rank. When you click on this it will take you to their bestseller rank. And when you check their bestseller rank, at least the average bestseller rank in these 10 books that you have checked that are ranking on this keyword should be between 3,000 down to 45,000. If the first 10 books that are ranking on this particular keyword are not averaging bestseller rank of between 3,000 to 45,000 on Amazon.com, that means that niche doesn't have enough demand. It simply tells you that people are not actually buying the niche. If you're using other Chrome extension can just give you search volume. They can give you search results. But those are not the primary things that actually determine if people are buying from that niche or not. What determines is actually the best seller rank of the books that are already in that niche. It tells you about that niche more than any other factor you want to consider. You can actually use helium 10 to check the history of the sales of those books. So you now know okay if these books have been selling very well over a long period of time maybe for 6 months or for 10 months then you now know that okay this is not just something that is just a search or just a trend this is actually something that is working over a long period of time right so that's exactly how you're going to determine if there's a demand in that but if you go to a niche that the books that are ranking on that particular keyword their bestseller ranks is below 100,000 that actually buying books from that particular niche so there's no need to even want to venture into that particular niche. So that is one of the key things you have to look out for if you want to actually get a profitable niche which is what the demand in that particular niche. Now the next thing that we are now going to focus on if you want to know if a niche is going to be profitable for you or not if you're going to actually make money from that particular niche is the competition in that particular is one thing to actually find a niche that people are actually buying from. There's another thing to actually find a niche that doesn't have a tight competition. Because when you are entering a niche with a tight competition, you are not going to make sales at all because there are people in that niche that the customer recognize and they will prefer to buy from them than from you. Almost every niche have competition, right? Almost every niche, the niche that does not have competition is the niche that does not exist. except you want to create your own particular niche and the chances of you actually succeeding to start a niche on Amazon KDP is very very slim. However, there's nothing to be scared about competition but there are some things you have to consider to know if you are going to actually go against this competition or not. One of the most important things you want to check is the number of reviews that they have. When you go into a niche and you realize that the reviews you find in the books that are ranking in that particular keyword, the minimum between the first 10 books that are ranking in that particular keyword, the minimum reviews you have is 3,000, right? So each book that is ranking on that particular keyword has a minimum reviews of 3,000 and above. That tells you that that particular niche is going to be very very competitive. Now another thing you're actually going to look out for is that you want to find out if the books that are selling in that particular niche if the publishers are independently published authors. What does that mean? Simply means that if these people are actually using KDP to sell their companies publishing companies that sell their books on Amazon, right? These people have a lot of money. They have a lot of marketing budget. They have a lot of distribution. They have recognition and all these things. Now you don't want to go and compete against them. You want to compete against somebody that is just like you. That means somebody that used Amazon KDP to publish their book. And the easiest way to know is to just check the publisher. It will tell you if it's an independently published author or if it's actually a publishing company. Now, if you go to a niche and you realize that almost all the books there or all the books there are not Amazon KDP books, then there is actually no need for you to want to go into those niche because those people are not competing on the same level as you are. They have a higher advantage than you are. Right? So when you go to that particular niche and you realize that okay these factors are present with your competition there's no need to bother going into it. Now the next thing you want to look out for which is very very important is the kind of book that are actually in this particular niche. Right? So the kind of book matters when I say the kind of book what do I mean? I mean if the books that are in this particular niche are just books that are based on trends or books that are evergreen or books that are seasonal. Right? These three categories are very very important to know if you are going to make money from a niche or not. Now let's start with the first one which is a book that is just based on trend. Trends always come and go on Amazon KDP. And the thing about trend is that if you start early you are you are going to benefit a lot from that particular niche. But the point is that it's just a trend. It will come and it will go. So you have to keep chasing trend over and over and over and over and over and over again. You have to always find what is trending right now. How am I going to make a book about it? And this is the strategy of some people on Amazon KDP and they do make money from Amazon KDP. So if that is what you want to do, it is fine. But primarily that is not what I do and that is not what I recommend. Now the other thing you have to consider when it comes to the kind of book in that particular niche is if the niche is actually a seasonal niche or not. What are seasonal niches? Seasonal niches are basically niches that only sell within a particular period in a year. So for example Christmas, there are books that only sell during Christmas. There are books that only sell during New Year's. There are books that only sell during Mother's Day or Father's Day or Children's Day or Independence Day or during Halloween. Now, these particular books are seasonal books, right? So, those books don't sell every time. They only sell within a period of time and when that time is over, the sales is gone. What I recommend is that during a seasonal period, you can take advantage of the seasonal period, but that is not what most of your book should be about. For example, you cannot make all your books about just Christmas or all your books about Easter or all your book about Father's Day or Mother's Day or all these things that happen within a short period of time and they are gone. So all through the year you'll be waiting for just a particular season before you can actually make money on Amazon KDP. Now the last kind which you have to consider is if this niche is an evergreen niche. What is an evergreen niche? An evergreen niche is a niche that people actually use the books in this particular niche on a daily basis. It does not matter whether it's Christmas or it's not Christmas, whether it's New Year or it's not New Year, whether it's Mother's Day or it's not Father's Day. These are books that people use on a daily basis for any purpose in their lives, right? And this is not a trend. This is something that people are actually just using. Now, those particular niches are the kind of niches that sell every single day for you. So, you're going to be getting sales from these particular niches every single day. People are buying from these niches. These are the kind of niches that you want to focus on if you really want to make sales on a daily basis on Amazon KDP. You have to find evergreen niches, right? So these are things that you have to actually consider to know if a niche is going to be profitable for you or not, right? So you have to consider people that are buying books from this niche. Are they buying it because it's just a trend? Are they buying it because it's just in its season? Or are they buying it because this is what they normally use on a regular day in their life? Now the next thing you also have to consider to determine if a niche is going to be profitable for you or not is the price in that particular niche. I'm always talking about price. And the reason why I'm talking about price is that a lot of people are struggling on Amazon simply because their books are priced way too low. And the reason is simply because they chose niches that the prices of the average book in a particular niche is too low. So, for example, if you go to a niche that you find out that the books that are selling well in that particular niche, their average price is $7.99 or $6.99 or $8.99 or even $9.99, it just simply means that before they can actually make $1,000. It means they have to sell a lot of copies. What you want to do is that you want to find niches that you don't have to sell so many for you to make a lot of money. And that is something I've actually been doing that have helped me a lot, right? So I prefer going for niches that you find out the average price in that particular niche is $15, right? So $15 and above. When you go to a niche and you realize that okay, the average price of a book in this particular niche is $15. It means that if you are going to sell one book, you can make a at least a reasonable amount of money. If you sell 10 books, you make some reasonable amount of money. If you sell a 100 books, you make some reasonable amount of money. So, it's not just about focusing on selling a lot of books, but it's actually focusing on making a lot of money from as little sales as you possibly can, right? So, if you just even sell only 200 books in a particular month, you can actually make over $1,000 or even more. So, that is the kind of niches you want to focus on, not niches that if you sell 200 books, you have you barely even make up to $100 because the prices in these particular niches are very, very low. So some people focus on those particular niches and that is why they are not making money from Amazon. Even if they make some sales, they're not going to see any money. So focus on niches that the prices are actually high. So the next thing you should actually focus on to determine if a niche is going to profitable for you or not is the barrier to entry. When I say barrier to entry, I mean if the niche is something that is very easy to go into, right? If there's no technicality in it. If anybody can just go into that niche, that niche is not going to profitable for you over a long period of time. Because if anybody can go into that niche, if you don't need some form of technical knowhow or some form of understanding of that particular niche or some like special advantage that you have, maybe you know more about this niche than the average person or it actually takes a lot of work to create this kind of books. If you find those kind of niches that it is not actually easy, the average person will see this niche and say, "Oh, there's a lot of money in this niche, but I can't create this kind of books. Let me not just bother myself because it's actually technical or difficult or something." Those particular niches that actually have a high barrier to entry becomes more profitable for you over a long period of time than niches that are very very easy to make. Now, if you are a beginner, it's actually okay to start with niches that are easy to make. But with time you want to graduate from making books that are easy to make to books that are actually difficult to make because these particular books are the books that will last over a long period of time. So it takes some form of knowledge, it takes some form of experience to be able to create those kind of books. Now when you find a niche that actually fit into these five criteria that I've shown you in this particular video, then you now know that okay, I found a niche that is going to be profitable for me over a long period of time. Now, if you have not already subscribed to this channel, hit the subscribe button right now. One of the most important things that a lot of people ignore when it comes to generating sales on Amazon KDP is the fact that they actually ignore their book covers. I always say this on my channel, your book cover is very, very, very important. It is that thing that stops the customer from scrolling and makes them click. Now, if you don't know how to create a very attractive book cover, even if you're in a very profitable niche, people are not going to click on your book. the the money you're going to be spending on art is just going to be wasted. So, you need to know exactly how you can create a very very very very attractive cover. So, if you want to know exactly how you can create an attractive covers that will make people click on your book and want to buy, then you should watch this video here where I show you the exact framework that I use to actually create very attractive book covers that people actually click on and use to buy my books.