Okay, in this video we're going to talk about how to build location pages or also known as city pages for service businesses so you can rank higher in Google. But I also want to talk about this is really good for AI and chat GBT. So let's jump into it right now. So real quick before we get started, there is an actual technical difference between location pages and city pages. location pages officially in the SEO world. If you have a brickandmortar location, like a physical location with its own Google business profile, and a city page is just a page on a website that you want to rank in the organic rankings, not the maps rankings, but the organic listings below the maps rankings. If you just have a page on your website that you want to rank in any suburb or any city or any area in the organic listings, that's what a city page is for. I'm going to use them interchangeably for this video because that's how most people talk about it. Even marketing companies, SEO companies, because I know as a service business, you don't have physical addresses in every single city that you want to rank in. You just want to get exposure. You want to get jobs from as many cities as possible. So, here we are at 360 Electric. Now, this is an example website and an example business that I use a lot because I've partnered with Jeff the 360 Electrician. And this is a business that we've got ranked here in Missoula, Montana, the town that I currently live in and work out of. Even though we work with businesses all over the country, we work with Jeff here in Missoula because he has given me full access to do whatever I need to do to get his business ranked. And he also refers a lot of electrical contractors to us because he's such a big influencer in that space. And he's given me full reign to show you guys exactly what we've done for his business. But I have a lot of other clients around the country. So, I'm going to show some other examples later on on exactly what you should do for your website to make sure that your city pages rank effectively both in Google and ChatGBT. So, real quick, I'm going to show you right here where it says Missoula service areas. If you click on and hover over this, you're going to see a list of surrounding cities. So, he's his office is physically located in Missoula. That's his main service area cuz that's where the most population is. That's where the most money is to be made. He has all these other surrounding smaller towns around Missoula and we have a page for each one of these. But if you also if you click on the service area page, that's what we call this. And we build these for all of our clients. We got the service area page where we've got a Google map here. And then we've got links to each one of these different towns around Missoula. But if you click on each one of these, we have a separate city page. And so, and then we've got all these different elements, which I'm going to get into the details of all these different elements that you need to have on this page to make it work the best. There's a sloppy way to do this, and then there's a right way to do this. And I'm going to get into the details of this. But before I do that, I want to show you I want to show you a case study on how well this works and what it can do for your business. Because I don't think it's optional anymore for service businesses. I really think that it's essential that you guys at least over time, you don't have to do it all at once, but over time, you start building out city pages or location pages for your business. Whether you hire us to do that for your website or you do it for yourself or have your current web designer do it. I really think if you're a service area business, that you start doing this for your website. So, the first thing I'm going to do so that I don't get skewed results is I'm going to go up here because I'm in Chrome and I'm going to go to incognito window because I want to make sure you guys see the real results as I do this. So, I'm going to go over to Google and then what I'm going to do is I'm going to start searching for these different towns. So, the first one we have is Lolo, Montana. So, electrician Lolo MT. Let's see where he ranks here. So, we're going to go below the maps here. He ranks number one in Lolo in the organic. What's the next one? And we got Florence. So he also has a location in Florence. So we're going to type in electrician Florence MT. He also has a physical there. So we've got him ranking number one in the maps because he has a physical location there. Um but then he also ranks number two down here in the organic. What's the next one? Stevensville. So let's see where he ranks in Stevensville. Little bit lower here. It looks like he's about number six in Stevensville. might need to do a little bit of work on that. Maybe throw some links at that to get it higher. Let's check out Hamilton. And I know Jeff actually wants to get a physical office in Hamilton because that's a bigger area and he wants to really start getting some work down there. Uh looks like he's like probably number five or six in Hamilton. So, and that's quite a distance away. That's another like 40 miles away. Uh, let's check out Bonner. Number one in the organics for Bonner. So, that's great. Let's check out Clinton. He's number two in the organic for Clinton. Let's check out Frenchtown. Frenchtown looks like he's in the top five or six there. And then, of course, we can do Missoula. This is his main town. And he's in the top three there. And then he's in the top three organic and that's where he gets the majority of his business is in Missoula. And so um he gets in the busy season he says he gets about three to five calls a week off of specifically off these Google rankings and his website. So you can see how effective it is to have these pages. He's in the top five or six in a lot of these areas. And yes, some of them are very small towns and the smaller towns will rank faster because there's not a lot of competition and his competitors are not doing this or they're not doing it very well and there over time it's going to be working better. But you can see the effectiveness of getting exposure in the surrounding towns by putting these pages on your website. Now I also have to mention his website is fully optimized. Okay, so he's got a lot of good SEO going on with his website. Plus, he has some good backlinks coming into his website. He's got good reviews. He's got great pictures. If you watch my other videos, you'll see all this stuff you can do to the website to get it fully optimized. Plus, he's got all these conversion elements that we put on the website. So, once people land on the website, they're also calling him. So, there's a lot of stuff he has going on besides just putting the pages on there. Now, real quick before I go any further, I want to talk about what Big West Marketing does when you hire us. Okay? We do not create city pages for websites that we did not build. Okay? So, if you're going to hire Big West Marketing, you need to hire us to do a website and then we can add additional city pages for you. And our SEO program actually includes six city pages as part of the SEO program. And if you just do web design with us, then you can hire us to create as many city pages as you want. Now, if you wanted to do your own city pages, you can do that. If you built your own website, I'm going to give you lots of information coming up in this video. If you have your own web designer that is not Big West Marketing, then you can show them this video, the stuff that's coming up, and then they can use this information to build out highquality city pages for you. Now, if you're stuck and you love your website and you do not want to have a new website built and have Big West do this for you, you can always go to a service like upwork.com and find a freelance web designer to help you do this. Now, if you do want to hire us to build a website for you and create some highquality city pages for you, be more than happy to talk to you. I got a link below. We can have a free consultation. We have pricing on our website. We're very upfront with pricing, so you can always check that out at bigwestmarketing.com. But let's get back to the lesson and talk about what makes a high quality, high ranking city page. Most companies, even web design or SEO companies that put city pages or location pages on websites are doing it in a very sloppy way. And yes, sometimes it can work, but it can work much better if you do it in a high quality way. If you put the work upront, you're going to see much better results. And I'm going to show you examples of how you can do it the right way. So, real quick, let's look at Jeff's Missoula city page or location page. What you're going to see here is we got a picture of Missoula here on the page, first of all, okay? And we've got it fully optimized for Missoula. We've got a map embedded of Missoula. We've got a real picture that Jeff gave us. It's not a stock picture. And we've got lots of content that's all about Missoula here. We've got reviews here. And if you got reviews that are directly from the city or the suburb that you're talking about here, and if they're from Missoula, that's going to work even better. You don't have to have all that stuff. If you don't have the pictures right away, that's okay. We got lots of content all about his different services here. Um, and then more content down here. Lots of content. Another picture that is unique. Okay. Um, and then we've got, look, we've got frequently asked questions. We've got unique frequently asked questions. These are not copy and paste to every single page, every single city page. These are unique. Now, here's a blog post that I have on my website and I'm going to link down below so you can check this out. And it just talks about, you know, what are city pages? Why do they matter? Now, here are the key elements of an effective city page. And we're going to talk about photos. We're talking about references of jobs that you completed in that specific city. This is the stuff that Google loves and this is the stuff that people love once they land on your city page. like I talked about before, reviews from local jobs, local affiliations with that specific city. You can even highlight employees that are connected to that city or if you're connected to that city somehow, you can also talk about that. U and then you want to talk about specific areas, favorite areas to that city. And I'm going to show you examples here. So, so let's look at this carpet cleaner here over in New Jersey. He's got, like I said, um unique pictures. He's talking about New Jersey. He's talking about how he's connected to um Cape May, New Jersey in this city page. Once again, lots of good unique content. This is not copy and paste content. So, like I said, some people the sloppy way to do it is to copy and paste content, make a bunch of pages with the same content, and then just change the city name and keep similar stock pictures. Okay, that's the sloppy way to do it. And it used to work in the past fairly well. never worked great. But the best way to do is have lots of unique pictures that you've taken, okay, with your smartphone or with have a photographer take it. Um, but have very unique content, okay? That's all about the city, like unique stuff that is about that city, okay? And then you're going to have lots of information specifically about all your different services. Reviews have great unique reviews. Don't put the same exact reviews on each one of these pages. unique frequently asked questions. This is very important. If you can Google loves frequently asked questions and chat GBT loves frequently asked questions these days. If you can have unique frequently asked questions that are different on every single page, you're going to rank better. And then another thing I want to talk about is having these embedded Google maps for each one of these cities. Now, if you don't know how to embed a Google map, then YouTube it or Google on how to do that. I'm not going to get into the specifics of how to do that on this video. There's lots of information how to do that on YouTube and Google. Another thing you can do is start linking to all your different other city pages from each city page. I got links to all his other ones right here at the bottom. These are called internal links. It just allows Google and ChatGpt to kind of link and connect everything together and it helps with ranking. All right, let's look at another electrical contractor. And this one's in Long Lake, Minnesota. And on this page, of course, he has a picture of Long Lake. Okay, no stock picture, but a unique picture of this town or city. And then he has a picture of him doing actual work. Um, lots of unique information about Long Lake, information about his services, and then we're going to scroll down here and he's got, like I said, reviews, and then we've got a unique map once again, links, and then he's got his frequently asked questions, another unique picture, and you can see we're we're kind of repeating the information. Another one over here in Texas, he's got uh a unique uh picture with some landmarks. Google can see these landmarks. There is the water tower in this town in Texas. Once again, lots of unique pictures, information, all his services mentioned. He's got reviews. We've got lots of jobs here, unique jobs that were done in that city. Like I mentioned, once again, map and then internal links to all the other pages. Frequently asked questions, guys. This is huge. I think you get the idea. These are the elements that you want to start putting on these pages. is you want to make them unique. You want to make them like mini homepages for each one of these cities. Now, if you have questions and you want to talk about this and how to do it correctly and you want to talk about a possible website or if you're a current client of ours and you already have a website with us and you want to start getting these done for your current website, let's talk. Like I said, this is very important for websites these days, both for chat GPT and for Google rankings. You want to start getting business in more than just your hometown. This is how you do it. This is how you do multi-ity SEO and you start ranking in AI in chatp. So your next step is to get on big westmarketing.com, set up a free consultation with me and we can talk. Once again, my name is Joe Bernitch. with big westmarketing.com and I will see you in the next