Good morning everybody. My name is Barry Schwarz and this is the search buzz video recap. Today is Friday, February 13th. We got Google ranking volatility is heated again. Bing AI performance report go out in the wild for everybody. Google's new AI mode ads and UCP checkout is live. Chat GPT ads go live maybe. And so much more. And of course I'd like to thank our sponsor Hrefs. We got the hoodie actually thankfully. Um and also just a little bit of news. Um, Patrick Stocks from Hrefs announced that fan queries, fanout queries in Href's brand radar available right now, which is pretty cool. And of course, they're the beloved SEO and AI software toolkit. So, definitely check them out at HRFS. Of course, um, one more thing, they sent me this cool swag box. So, let's go ahead and, uh, open it up. Let's do an unboxing. A bunch of cool stickers. a little pamphlet about the 12 most popular use cases with videos from them. The SEO book for beginners, which is pretty cool. Can't wait to look at that. A really cool, neat notepad. We got a t-shirt. This really nice and large mug. Pretty cool. That's a really nice swag bag. Thank you so much, Refs, uh, for sending that over. Can't wait to play with it. Anyway, let's get into the news. Thank you again, Hrefs, for sponsoring. Okay, so first up, we saw Google search ranking volatility get heated again on February 10th. It spiked 10th, 11th, probably into the 12th as well. It does seem like there's a lot of chatter, a lot of volatility. The tools are pretty heated that that day. kind of calmed down today on Friday. Uh but overall it was pretty heated the past couple days. So if you notice ranking volatility, you're definitely not alone. Um then we had Bing Web Master Tools actually release and roll out um the what we covered about a month ago, the Bing um web master tools AI performance reports. It also has a new design um a nice much slicker design, but the the tool now you can actually see what it looks like um and actually access it by going to bing.com/webmaster/iperformance. And in there you'll see everything we touched from total citations, average cited pages, grounding queries, page level citation activity, and visibility trends over time, plus a lot more. So definitely take a look at that. Doesn't have click data. Sadly, API is not supported yet, but it will be probably in sometime in the future. Um, and Bing said there's more to come. So that's really great to hear. Hopefully click data. Google's testing AI overview cards with contextual overlay links. I'm not sure if this was pre-announced or not, but when you mouse over some links, it actually has these contextual cards that pop up, which makes things much more clickable. A lot of people spotted this a couple weeks ago, but now it seems like that test has been maybe shuttered a little bit because I don't see anybody else talking about it and doesn't seem like it has gone live yet. Uh, Graedia, the Wikipedia AI version from I guess Elon Musk is starting to see a decline in the Google search ranking visibility as well as chat, which is interesting. Glen Gabe shares some charts from Cyrix and Seamrush showing that decline. Um and what's interesting it also seems like there's a decline across not just um Google search but also AI mode AI overviews and also on chat GBT around the same time which makes people say hey something's going on with uh chat GBT using Google for search related stuff which we covered numerous times before but again it's just spiking up again that conversation again. Google Ads announc announced a bunch of news. One is a new feature or type of ad unit. I'm guess feature where it's like the new AI mode shopping retailer ads. Um they're testing a new ad format to showcase retailers that offer these products and clearly marked as sponsored. We discussed it on its new yesterday. Greg is not a huge fan of that, but if you take a look at it, it basically shows you these sponsored retailers with a price and then you can click on it and so forth. That's a new feature. They're also adding VO3, which is their new image and video generation tool to Google Asset Studio, which helps you make more um creative assets for your Google campaigns. And then also in that news, Google is starting to roll out in AI mode UCP universal commerce protocol checkout, power checkout, where you can actually click on the buy now button and the agent or experience will actually take the process for you and actually purchase that. It's rolling out right now with Etsy and Wayfair, but more to come with Shopify, Target, and Walmart as well. Um really cool. We shared some screenshots with um Glen Gabe and Brody Clark of them seeing it in the wild. Uh but this is like the future's kind of here which is pretty cool. And I don't know if you remember the November and December Google launched or announced the launch of a bunch of new search console features. Those search console features included things like branded queries um AI powered powered configurator social channels in Google search console insights and a bunch of other features. And honestly, I personally don't see three of those features yet. And it's been rolling out for a long time. I know when Google loads rolls the stuff out, sometimes they roll it out slowly, but again, this is some of these were announced back in November and they're still not rolled out. So, I'm not sure what's going on there. Uh, but hopefully these things will roll out soon. And then Google also previewed um what they call as WebMCP. Web MCP is a standard way for exposing structured tools, ensuring AI agents can perform actions on your side with increased speed, viability, and so forth. This was announced by Andre um from Google. Basically gives um the your you could basically program into your website action buttons that you could communicate that this is an add to checkout button or this is a book of flight button and then the AI agents will be able to figure it out better. It's kind of like the new format of structured data um on some way. That's what Dan Petra from DJ SEO said. It's like the biggest shift in technical SEO since structured data. And Glen Gay called this a very big deal. So it looks like um you should definitely take a look at this. not necessarily SEO, but it's more about how you structure your website and how do you take advantage of MCPS. Then OpenAI officially started to roll out ads this week. Um they went they posted that they're launching ads this week. It's rolling out. I haven't seen any in the wild, any at all. Um but OpenI said they're actually rolling it out to some users. Um they said today we're beginning to test ads in Chat in the U in the US. The test will be for logged in user adult users for free and go subscriptions. the plus and pro and enterprise and paid tiers won't have any access in terms of ads. Um there's also um advertisers can sign up by going to openai.com/advertisers. Um and there's a whole user control setting for users control how they want to see their ads and so forth. So that's actually rolling out now. And then on a video interview internally with OpenAI's head of monetization um Assad Juan, he basically said he doesn't he basically wants to cut out advertising agencies middleman profession professional marketers and he wants to to let advertisers use prompts to prompt the ads they want so that the ads will just go ahead and generate themselves and make Google and make them money. And we discussed this on it's new yesterday and all OpenAI wants is basically your money. So, if they're going to let you prompt it, maybe they're going to prompt it to make maximize the amount of money you spend with them and not the best amount of money you would spend with them. So, this is why you want advertising agencies or even an internal advertiser to help you understand if you're actually getting your best bang for your buck and just don't spend blindly by having these tools actually spend for you. [snorts] Um, then on the Google Ads side, Google Ads has seems to be releasing per in Performance Max AB experiments in the wild. This is spotted by Matt Teao um who posted about on LinkedIn also a hat tip to Adrien Decker. Here's a screenshot of that. pretty interesting to see them being tested side by side. Also, Google Ads has this new recommendated recommended experiments box um that shows up in the recommended pages area. So, it's basically saying these are the experiments you should you should test. Nice find there as well. And Google Ads is testing this product eligibility view across campaigns. Uh this is spotted by Hannah who noticed that if you could actually go ahead and see the eligibility of a product not just in one campaign across all campaigns by hovering over that that link. Um Google business uh profiles announced that um the business short names are being removed from your business profiles in Google Maps and Google search. This is something that Google launched back in 2019. It was like a g a g.page/you business name and you're able to configure that and give people that URL that could actually join. The URL is not going away, meaning it'll still work for now, but it's actually going to be removed or it actually is removed from the Google Maps listing so people can't actually see it anymore. Google wants to simplify the user interface, they said, so they're removing it. And finally, Google AdSense has um added additional triggers for triggering triggering vignette ads. Um the new triggers are if you re if it reaches the end of the page's main article elements and either they start scrolling back up or or 5 seconds elapse on the mobile or 10 seconds elapse on the desktop, they'll trigger it. if it is inactive for 30 seconds followed by user interactions or if it navigates backwards using their browser back button on supported browsers like Chrome, Edge, and Opera. There other existing three track uh existing triggers which I'll not get into, but there's more information about that I posted on February 12th at seound.com. In any event, thanks so much for listening to the search buzz video recap. Again, my name is Barry Schwarz and this is the search news we covered over at the search engine roundtable at sc2 roundtable.com. Again, thanks to Hrefs for sponsoring deeply appreciated everyone a great safe weekend and I'll see you guys next. Goodbye.