You want to go ahead and self-publish your book, but you don't know what niche to go into. Well, in this video, I'm going to be sharing with you 10 different niches that can be potentially profitable if you do it right. Together, we're going to do some research and I'm going to share with you a tool that I use when it comes to researching niches and subniches on Amazon. Let's get started. Before we do our research, I want to give you a free tool that you can go ahead and use. Whenever you do research on Amazon and you're trying to research different niches, the tool is Amz Expander. A lot of people don't use it, but I highly recommend it. It's completely free. Just Google Amz Expander. Um, and you should be f you should be able to find it, download it, and automatically what it does is the following. If I just type in one word, poetry for instance here, and I start maybe poetry for let's see, wait, poetry for who? Let's say I put poetry for women, right? Automatically, as you can see here, we have two columns, right? These columns, what it's basically giving you is the information on the keywords that people are already searching for, the things that people are already searching for on Amazon. You could see here healing poetry books for women, poetry gifts for women, Christian poetry books for women. This is a very good insight. But the one that I want you to look into is the following. Poetry prompts and you see it. It's already giving you what it is, what what they're what people are typing in on Amazon. Prompt poetry prompt journal. Poetry prompt book. Poetry prompt journal for men. As a matter of fact, I don't have that one on my list. I'm going to go ahead and click on this one just because I'm curious. There are 665 results. This is something that I haven't explored. And during these this research session, go ahead and write things down as we're going through it. Um, so that you can keep that in mind and maybe revisit that niche later on and do your own research. Right now, I clicked on my Katie Spy, which is an essential tool. It's the primary tool that I use whenever I'm doing niche research on Amazon. Let's see what our Arcadi spy is going to let us know about poetry prompt journal for men. Is this something that people are already searching for? Is there potential there? And as we can see here, the popularity, it says there there are only a small number of books performing well for this keyword. Uh the the revenue the revenue potential of books under this keyword looks a little average. Okay, but I love this right here. Competition. Competition is healthy. That means that it's not saturated, which is what we want to go for. Especially if you are a male, if you're a man and you want to do some, you want to write poetry, go for it. Why not? This is something that you should definitely go for. Especially if maybe you want to uh communicate, you know, something about your life, your journey, something that you have overcome, emotions that if you have a journal and you keep a journal, turn that journal into an actual poetry book. And I can show you how to do that. I actually created a a course and it's a crash course. It's a very simple. It's easy to follow and I teach you how to capture all of your journal entries, your emotions, your feelings, and you can turn it into a poetry book, which I'm going to go ahead and put the link below so you can check that out if you want to create a poetry book. Now, let's go ahead and get back to my list. Poetry prompts. Let me see. poetry pro prompts for teens. Okay, so we're going to go ahead and click on poetry writing prompts for teens. Okay. Uh let's see what our Katie Spy lets us know about this niche. Now, one of the reasons why I wanted to showcase this niche is because anything that has to do with children, listen up, children, teens, tween, and anyone in adolescence, those books tend to do really well. Financial literacy for like the youth, young adults or uh teens, tween, they do very well. Life skills for teens, those books do really well. So here on the Katie spy it says that this keyword is not very popular but there is potential for revenue and competition is healthy. Just because it's not popular doesn't mean that it cannot be profitable if you do it right and maybe you can include it in the form of a series uh for teens and tween where you have poetry books, you have poetry prompts, you have maybe writing prompts. Uh those sell really well. Um, and you just create a whole series of books for, you know, catering to teams, it might work. Um, so it's good to think of when you're publishing books in terms of series, and I've said this in many, many of my videos. The next niche is I'm going to go ahead and just see poetry prompts. Okay, this one, poetry prompts for kids. Let me take off glasses. Okay, so poetry prompts for kids. And I love these types of books. They're the if you as you can see here, these book covers, they're very simple to recreate and make your own. So I think I and I know that these for sure, this one right here and this one, it looks like some form of AI was used. And this one too, the interactive writing prompt workbook as well. And look at the reviews. 74 reviews, 22, 185, 176. I mean, it's not bad. People are purchasing this. Let me go ahead and click on Katie Spy and see what we find. Now, let me just look at other poetry journal. That's a good one to think about. Uh, write your own poems. Write it 100. Write it 100 poetry prompts. You see here, this one alone, write it 100 poetry prompts. This looks very easy to do. Um, and it has 57 reviews. People are buying this. Now here, listen to this popularity. It's not very popular yet. As we can see here, this type of book is being sold. There is potential for revenue. It looks average. But look at this. You can easily compete here for a first page ranking. That is very important to keep in mind. You want to rank on the first page. So if you do this right, and as I said, you do a series of different books for kids, for teens, twins. Look right here. Just look at this poetry prompts for twins. It already pops up on the AMZ suggestion expander. It's giving us suggestions. Look, results. 30 results. Let me go ahead and click on the Katie Spy and see what we have here. Look at this fiveinut daily writing prompts. See, all you have to do is maybe think in terms of how can you grab one niche and maybe turn it into uh uh something like this, like five minute daily writing prompts, poetry writing prompts for kids in 2 minutes, you know, just you have to think outside the box and see. Well, this one the potential the popularity is not very popular. The potential for revenue is rather low, but the competition it says you can rank on the first page. Again, you can also do poetry writing promp poetry writing prompts for kids plus the journal plus a workbook. I mean you can do it in terms of a series in that way and you can totally win and if you add you know the you work on your marketing and you put some ads on it and you can do many different things you can win. Now let's go ahead and go to the next one. It says writing. Wait. Poetry prompts for Okay. Oh, poetry writing prompt. Poetry prompts for boys. Okay, I think this is it. Let me double check. Poetry prompts for boys. I think this is another niche that is very interesting to look into. One of the reasons why I'm doing this niche research is so that I can help you start thinking in terms of subniches. Yes, poetry is very I mean there's so many different subniches under poetry as you can see Christian poetry, poetry for healing for women. There are you know poetry for men, poetry for children, poetry writing prompts. So I mean there are so many different niches that you could look into um and just test and try. Um I I think that's very important. So the popularity it's not very popular. uh the potential is rather low, but look competition. You want to go into niches that there is very little competition where there's depending on the niche, right? Um where there's not a it's not fully saturated where there like 10,000 books in that category. Although you could still make some sales, um it would be very smart to have a game plan of how you can get into niches that are not saturated. Okay. So, the next one that I want you to look at is the following. It's one poem for Okay. One poem for every night. I saw this. I'm like, man, this is interesting. A poem for every night of the year. A poem for every winter day. A poem for every day of Christmas. I mean, this was brilliantly executed. As you can see, poetry when it comes to a poem, like as we can see, it's not very popular, but when you work it in a in in terms of a series, this is how it can be very very powerful. I think this one is part of a series. Let me go ahead and click on it. You see, it is part of a series. And guess what? Look, 151 reviews, 103, 121. Again, think in terms of a series. And this is one of the reasons why I wanted to share this with you. Although something might not be extremely popular, if you do it correctly, if you do it in in for in the form of a series, you can bring in some sales. A moment of calm. Now, for example, let's say this, a moment of calm, you can turn that into a series of five different books, seven different books, three different books, a moment of calm workbook, a moment of calm uh daily inspirations or daily reminders. Uh it's just there's so many different ways that we can approach self-publishing and that is my mission to help you think differently to help you think outside the box. Try different things. A lot of people just want to come into self-publishing and you know what is selling and just go for that and many people end up creating trash and I don't want us to flood Amazon with trash. You want to go ahead and publish things that are not only that they're valuable to the reader, but something that you're proud of, right? So, so that one is very interesting for you to look at. Go ahead and write it down. A poem for every winter date. Maybe that sparks up some ideas on how you can approach this uh poetry as a whole, but in your own way, creating your own series of books, whether it's for teens, tween, kids, you name it. Now I saw another one and this one is one poem a day. Okay, it's already here. One poem a day journal. Okay, one poem a day journal. That is already a thing. And these are two different uh two different authors. Nadia and we have Lynn. So these are two different authors here. One line a day. Start thinking about that. I want you to analyze this for a second. one poem a day. The ones sentence journal 69 reviews published in twoh 2023. Uh the haiku journal one poem a day journal one poem a day one review published in 2023. And then also very interesting when you do some research, you can always go here to where it says sort by featured and you can do newest arrivals and it'll give you the the books that were just published. Look, 100 day poetic challenge one page at a time. These are the ones that have been published just like recently. For example, this one, the ultimate book of word spells. Here it already has. It was published in November 28, 2025. And it already has two reviews. And then you can go ahead and look into it. Why does it have two reviews? How did it get two reviews? Is this person Olivia Dalsa, I think. Um, does she have content online? Does she have an online presence? How did they get those two reviews? Uh, maybe family, maybe it's something popular that we don't know of, but this is what the research is for. Affirmations of love across the world, cultures, letters to dad in heaven. Uh, one poem, one page a day, published in October. Out of print. Okay, no, it's out of print. Never mind. Let's see. Amy's journal. Amy's journal. What else? Okay, so you get the point. Start doing some research and see what is working, what is not working, and maybe how you can add a spin to something that can potentially be profitable. Let's see what the Katie Spy uh generates, what information. Okay. So, as far as one poem a day journal, I saw red. Okay. So, it's not a popular keyword. Uh the potential for revenue is low, but the competition is healthy. Always look at competition. Okay. So, now and I'm telling you this and I'm showing you these specific ones that I have found because if you notice a lot of these, although they might not be very popular, competition seems healthy. And I'm telling you from experience, I have published in a niche that had the same thing. It wasn't popular. It wasn't uh something that it says it did when I did the the research under Katie Spy, the revenue, it did say rather low. But guess what? That series of books that I published would have never thought it had healthy competition. And guess what? I am selling those books, those three books consistently since 2021. I believe they continue to sell year after year organically. And guess what? They had those criterias. They were not very popular. They uh they had maybe like low to average on the Katie Spy was like low to average revenue and but it had healthy competition. So, who would have thought? That is why I'm sharing this with you. Now, the next one, this one is in the parenting niche. If you're a parent, okay, you have experience, whether it's a toddler, whether you taught your toddler how to potty train, whether you have a rambunctious child or a child with ADHD or ADD or autism, you have some experience with your children. What if you write about that experience? Let me share this with you. Anxious. Wait, sorry. Parenting angry kids. Okay, so I would have never thought this was a thing. Okay, parenting angry kids. So, let's go ahead and look at this. The explosive child, angry parent, angry child, angry dad, angry kids. Uh, this is the same one. The whole brain ch. This is the book that I need to read. Uh, raising securely attached kids. Let's see. How to stop losing your with your kids. Uh raising good humans. Okay. So, let me go ahead and click on the Katie spy so that you could see something. Under the results, there are only 810 results. This is good. Okay. I usually like to aim for under 500, like 500 results if I want if I even thinking about self-publishing in that niche. But 810, it's it's not that bad. Look at this. This is the one reason why I wanted to show you because this is an opportunity for you. Okay. Parenting angry kids popularity in green. This is a popular keyword. Write that down. Potential for revenue looks very good. Competition. You can rank on the first page. Listen to that. You can rank on the first page. It is a possibility. So I think this is this is a great niche to look into especially again we don't want to publish garbage if you have experience and this is something that you may want to explore. This is a niche that you have had an explosive child and you overcame so many different things and struggles and power struggles with your child and you want to go ahead and share those tips with the world. This is a good one. Now another one that is very popular uh amongst many moms that I speak to uh is the parenting anxious kids okay or anxious child. Let's see 341 results especially this is especially important because we're living in the in the what do you call that in the tech era the iPad kids. iPad kids, if you go online and go on YouTube, iPad kids show immense amounts of anxiety, especially when they're not hooked on to some type of technology or device, which is very important. Something, it's something to think about. Definitely, parenting anxious kids. We're going to look at this and see what Katie the Katie spy tool provides because I had researched it as parenting anxious child because that's what I got under keywords in the KD spy saying that it was very popular. So look at this. This is very very important for you to jot down the popularity here. It is a popular keyword. So parenting an anxious kids is something that people are already searching for on Amazon. The potential for revenue looks very good. Okay? And competition is healthy. If competition is healthy, this is an opportunity. This is an opportunity for you to explore this niche and maybe start thinking about creating a book in this niche. Look, parenting anxious kids, understanding anxiety in children by age and stage. I love this. This was published January 30th. 30th of 2024. Let me go down and see something. Okay, it has an amazing rank. This book is definitely producing sales, which is a really good sign. Good sign for you. So, go ahead and jot that down. Uh, let me go ahead and go to the next one. Let me see. Uh, gentle. Let me let me let me look for this. Gentle reminders under all. I'm going to click on books. Gentle reminders for men. Let me go to books. Is this even a thing? Okay, so let's look at this. It's 292 results under gentle reminders for men that actually popped up in the uh the AMZ expander. So, this is not something that I had on my list. Um although I wrote gentle reminders because I definitely wanted to research that a little bit further. Uh, but gentle reminders for men sounds like a very good subniche. The five minute gratitude journal. So, okay, again, not a popular, revenue looks low, but competition is great. You can definitely compete in this uh niche. So, that's something to think about. Uh, let's go ahead and go to let let me go back to my list and how to get Okay, this one was funny. this one this this this this these keywords um I actually got from a conversation with my son and I'm like you know what let me explore that my son is 12 uh and we talk about all these things like girlfriends and why what happens when you have a wife and all these things anyh who get a girlfriend book okay I'm like man let me research this and see if this is a thing and it is a thing as a matter of fact there are courses on how to get a girlfriend or how to attract women and I'm like, okay, this is definitely in the dating niche, but this is a subniche and this is why I wanted to show you this. Okay, how to get a girlfriend. Although it says it's not a very it's not popular, but yet when you go on YouTube, it's definitely a popular topic. Uh potential for revenue looks average, but guess what? Competition is healthy. Something to look into, especially if you create content around dating. If you already create content on YouTube, guess what? you know what will be a great addition a book on how to get a girlfriend which is pretty interesting and then now that we're into this whole the dating the getting a girlfriend there's another topic that a lot of people I see on YouTube go ahead and go research it do your research dating okay dating a this is a big one I I think I probably have mentioned this before dating a narcissist 836 results and this already as you can to hear dating a narcissist. The brutal truth you don't want to hear. Dating, loving, and leaving a narcissist. Already gaslighting. Look, the covert narcissism. The narcissist playbook. This is a thing, right? Narcissism is huge, especially on YouTube. On Instagram, I've seen tons of content on on Tik Tok. I've seen tons of content on narcissism. Well, why not explore this topic? But this is a subniche. in the dating room. I've seen a lot of u talk a lot of um talk on narcissism when it comes to like when you're married with your spouse, your spouse is narcissistic. But look at this popularity. It says a number of books are performing well uh under the keyword. There is the potential for revenue. Looks very good. And guess what? Competition is healthy. Definitely write this down. This is definitely something that you should be looking into. And again, the results are 836, which is not bad. Let me see. Not bad at all. This is one that I definitely should. This one, empath, the empath. Whenever you hear videos on doctors or clinical psychologists talking about narcissism, they will mention or give information about empaths when you are an empath and you're dating or married to a narcissist. So, that's big one. I'm pretty sure this book is doing really well. All right. So the next one that I want to explore, it's also in the dating scene, the dating niche, but this one is super niche Christian dating books. You see already if you if you just go here, Christian dating books, it's already there. Christian dating books. Okay. So, what we're going to do is we're going to click on Katie Spy Christ centered uh Christian dating. I would definitely if you want to write a book in this be in this niche because you are Christian and you have had experience dating as a Christian. This is something to look into. If you have a lot of value and insight to provide, look into this. Godly dating, dating with discernment. Oh, I like that. Together with Christ, a dating couples devotional. So here, this is popular, guys. There are Christians out there. Okay, this is already a popular niche. Potential for revenue looks very good. Hey, competition is strong. It says it is strong, but you know what? You shouldn't let that deter you from writing something, especially if it's a topic that you're passionate about. Why not? Why not? Here it says 20,000 results. But let's see something here. Now, if we go niche, niche, this is Christian dating is niche, but let's go ahead and go ultra niche. Okay, singleness. This is I'm going to go ahead and give you this one. Okay, this is very I'm going to give you this one. Singleness. I wasn't going to talk about this, but you know what? Why not? Singleness. Wait, Christian singleness already here. Christian singleness books. If you're Christian and you're single, how do you mingle? How do you even begin? I love this. How do you remain righteous and uh holy and how how do you says the pursuit of joy in singleness? I love this. What happens when you're a certain age that you thought you were going to be married, but you're still single? These are things to think about. These are issues that people are dealing with or they they view as an issue. I've had a few friends that have been frustrated by being a certain age. They thought they were going to be married, but they're still navigating singleness. And there there are a lot of emotions that go into this. You know, when you're in this journey and you find yourself alone and your friends are getting married or they're already married, having their, you know, second, third child. So, it's definitely a thing. Results, guys. 403. Now, let me go ahead and click on my Katie Spy and see what it says. Waiting with God. I love that. Waiting with God. Experiencing the beauty of singleness. You see this is beautiful. Published in 2020. Oh, I love that. Seven myths about singleness. I love it. So, Arcadi spy and one of the reasons why I wanted to share this is because the popularity as you can see here popularity there are a number of books performing well. So, there's potential there. Potential for revenue looks great and the competition is in yellow. It's healthy. That is a very very good sign. I'm going to go ahead and add another niche for you to explore that I think would be extremely interesting if you put it together in a series. Let me show you. The niche is daily affirmations for teen girls. You can spin this in so many different ways. You can have a daily affirmation for teen girls journal workbook, five minute devotional. I mean you can cater to uh uh it could be a daily affirmations for Christian teen girls for healing for self-love. Self-love is a huge niche but when you go ahead and maybe add it and join it to daily affirmations for teen girls to produce self-love, self-worth, uh confidence. You can do a whole series on just that alone. You know, little reminders, daily affirmations for teen girls. little reminders toward, you know, gaining self-confidence, uh, positive thoughts, positive thinking patterns. Think about thoughts. Um, teen girls, um, they're, you know, they're in adolescence, so they're battling a lot of different things in school with their friends. So maybe maybe creating a book where it's encouraging how to combat negative thinking patterns, negative thoughts when they come to mind and things like that, which can be an excellent idea for like a workbook with different exercises on how to combat toxic thoughts and things like that. So it's definitely something to consider. If you love this research session and you want to go ahead and check out self-help niches, go ahead and watch this video over here. I will see you there.