Hey everyone, this is Laura. Welcome to my YouTube channel. In today's video, I'm going to share with you a KDP beginner friendly niche that's been selling consistently throughout the year and even better during Q4. I picked this niche because number one, you don't need to compete on pricing just to be on page one. You also don't need a ton of reviews and run some crazy Amazon ads is super competitive and intimidating for beginners. And I believe these three factors alone is going to help a lot of people to actually start a business on Amazon KDP. So for today's video, we're going to take one book from this niche. I'm going to walk you guys through the entire process how they market themselves. So potentially maybe you can write a book or make a book in this niche and do it better than them. And also the most important part for this niche is because due to the growing population behind this niche or the demographic. So actually there's a social sentiment or momentum that's actually pushing this niche to become bigger organically. So if you're actually serious about growing your Amazon KDP business, you might want to consider having one book or maybe even build a brand in this niche. Anyways, without further ado, let's dive in. All right, guys. So the keyword for today is going to be short stories. And as you can see right here, there are many keywords related to short stories, right? Short stories for adults, for kids in Spanish. All these are basically the great indication that what people are already searching for. And Amazon itself is giving you the supporting data, you know, without using any crazy software, whatever. Right? This is already here. That's what you're supposed to put into your main title. And we're going to be looking at short stories for seniors due to the aging population. And typically this demographic has more disposable income to spend. So you want to potentially build a a a brand or sell a book in this niche. So you don't have to necessarily compare on pricing or crazy numbers as we already explained, right? So let's take a look at how many. So as you can see here, we now have about 5,000 products actually running for these keywords. So, compared to, let's say, your regular coloring book or word search book, this is a great um uh niche compared to the rest, right? Because you don't have to compete with 60,000 products just to be bidding on this keyword. And in the next part, we're going to look at some of the books that I picked for you guys. Actually, let's just look at one of the books that's been on Amazon for a long time. Let me see if it's still still here. Yep. Let's look at this bestseller. And this is a very classic example of this niche. And we want to be looking at this book and just to tell you guys how to or how you can position yourself in this not so competitive niche but also making 10K a month. All right guys, so now we're in the book listing page and as you can see right here, here is basically the value proposition or the main keyword for this niche, right? Uplifting short stories for seniors. And many of you guys ask me, "Hey, Laura, I've published a book and I'm running Amazon ads to my book. Am I on the right track?" Well, let's analyze this book listing together because this book or if you call it, is actually on the right track because guess what? Number one, it has a bestseller badge. But even if you don't get the bestseller, it doesn't matter, right? You want to make sure you have the right cover or the cover that actually convert your customers and a a right title, right? a title that actually converts well on Amazon because right right here they actually putting the main keyword in the title right so this helps Amazon to figure out what your book is all about this is very important many of you guys actually don't have your main keyword in the main title right so that is going to be very very hard for Amazon they have so many products how does the AI actually help identify what your book is all about by you putting your main keyword in the title Right? Remember this. And also this one, 100 funny stories from from the 50s to the 90s. This is basically 100 funny stories. That's one value proposition from the 50s to the 90s. Obviously, they're telling your audience, hey, I know what you're looking for. You're looking for nostalgia. And that's why I have this keywords or this phrase in the title. This is not necessarily a keyword, but it's actually a descriptive uh way to tell your customer this is what you get. Easy to read. That could be one keyword, elderly women and men, that's the um exact audience that will be looking for this type of book, right? So the title itself alone and the subtitle is already converting pretty well. Large print is another keyword. So guys, this is actually how you position your book or your product on Amazon because remember this is a search engine. You have to make sure you put the keyword here in order to help Amazon to identify what your book is all about. Right? Also, let's look at the book cover. What I really like is that, you know, they put every single element that's related to, you know, elderly people, right? Remember this thing when I was younger, right? My mom loved this thing. So, you know, I think that just relates to, you know, when she was born and those era, right? And I don't know what it's called, but you get the point, right? I also like the the the the circles from the 50s to 90s. And also this this gradient basically is telling people hey I'm we're actually elevating our life uh changing from the 50s to the 90s. The book coveret itself actually converts a lot u by you know uh almost changing your life from the 50s to 90s you're getting better your life is improving which is why it's actually going this way right going moving up and also for seniors uplifting short stories and also here large print is telling people or whoever is looking for this kind of book um is going to be guess what very easy to read right great book cover great title and also let's look at the book description right here. Take a walk down memory lane. And also right here, there's another memory lane. I don't necessarily agree with the uh book description because you don't want to say the same thing twice. But of course, you can put a almost like a FOMO message here to convert even better to tell your customers, hey, this is really the book that you want to buy. And guys, you know, like when you're actually running Amazon ads, right? Amazon ads, remember, is icing on the cake. It's not necessarily like, hey, I'm running ads. So people are going to find my product. You have to help Amazon run ads by guess what? Putting uh all your main keyword in the title. Have a very attractive cover that converts, right? Have the right number of reviews. By the way, there's 2775 reviews very very easy to be right. Take use my book bounty link. Uh then you can actually just get this very easily either by basically getting people to review your book or just getting organic. Right? So as you can see right here, this is not rocket science. This is not something like so difficult to make and this is very very simple and because I have a I'm actually using book beam. So let's see if I actually load up and I actually want to see how much is actually making right now. Right? So let's take a look and also let's just roll down this like some of you guys don't know what A+ content is. Right? This is the A+ content. This is space actually where you can further tell your audience what your book is all about and very very obvious right 50s to 90s this visual element that you need to put in your A+ content with all these keywords right here right because behind your A+ content in the little box right some of you guys don't even have A+ content in the little box you can put all this keyword to help Amazon further convert your book just treat this as another book description then you'll see you can put all this keyword stress stress, anxiety, brain health, gently, warm memories, all these are keywords. Put this in your box and then basically you're going to help Amazon to understand what your book is all about, right? So A+ content very, very important. And also guys here, look at this. This is not some rocket science. They already tell you what this book is all about. You know, if you make a better book looking like this, you're going to sell, right? And right here, retirement, birthday, father's mother's anniversary. It already tells you what this niche is all about. But some of you guys don't know how exactly to position yourself on Amazon, right? So, this is a challenge when most beginners are facing, right? And let's see. So, right now is making royalty $85 per day, which is not bad, right? Obviously, it's going to be like fluctuating now, you know, depends on what kind of ads you're running, but we're actually close to Thanksgiving. But maybe let's just take a look at the whole year data, right? Because I want to see or show to you guys um how many uh what what was the sales data in the last year, right? So you'll see how much exactly is actually making, right? So December last year was selling at 5,000 5,000 per uh 5,000 BSR. So let's say you're 80 making $85 per day on the 21,000 BSR. Let's do the math. 85 time 4. I think that's like 360 if yours is like 5,000 BSR. So guys, this is how you actually make if you are making three $300 per day on royalty, right? That is almost 10,000 per day per month just on one book, right? Just by simply doing fixing your title, fixing your book cover, fixing your description in the right niche, having the right number of reviews. This is actually how you make 10k a month on Amazon, right? Imagine if you have, let's say, three to five books similar to this in your portfolio. Very, very easy. You're going to achieve the 10K per month royalty, right? Also guys, I just wanted to quickly show you when I type in the keyword books for seniors, right? You see like a bunch of books actually for seniors, right? Chair yoga is so chair yoga for seniors, right? And also crosswords, short stories. I just wanted to show you there are different kind of books for seniors. You don't have to just make stories book. You can make word search book. You can make crossword book. You can even make a cookbook for seniors. What I'm saying saying here that this is a niche that's being um overlooked by people, right? Because you always just go for like um uh coloring book and uh puzzle books or children's book. But as you have already seen yourself, right? this niche actually sells because otherwise why would people actually publish in this niche and as you can see overall it's been selling consistently and with very very good BSR you don't even need to um have that many reviews and by the way just look at look at all this book right 23 reviews selling at 49,000 right which is not bad a BSR $32 per day royalty and guess what they're selling like funf facts baby boomer something fun nostalgia again was selling nostalgia which is why you have this kind of pop art um thing on the cover right not that many reviews and basically very very uh easy to make uh value proposition we've already seen this book right let's see what else is there right just wanted to again chair yoga for seniors right so I just wanted to show it to you guys you have different kinds of book and also this book right here right the trivia for seniors book basically instead of actually stories you're actually doing trivia trivia for your seniors. So, this is another thing that you can think about. You don't even have to make like complicated trivia. It has to be fun and relatable. Again, this is selling on the theme from the 50s to the 90s, right? So, I think you get the point. This is definitely a niche that's been overlooked by so many people on Amazon, right? And then because everybody's making something like this or there we go, coloring books, etc., right? But there's I just wanted to hopefully you know be able to demonstrate to you guys apart from those uh different niches or coloring book you also have other stuff for seniors for this demographic and because of growing population of this demographic and more disposable income which is why you should probably consider picking a book or making a book in this niche. All right guys, that's it for today's video. Hopefully I was able to demonstrate to you that in addition to maybe word search book, coloring book, planner, journals, whatever book that people are actually talking on YouTube, there are also other niches on KDP that's less competitive, easy to make, low barrier to entry that you can potentially make a book in this niche and that's going to take your business to maybe 2K, 3K, 5K, or even 10K and beyond, right? You've just got to understand what is the social sentiment behind this kind of niche and why are people actually buying? who is going to buy this kind of book. Understand your customers. Do a great book listing is going to be 10 times more efficient than just making so many books on KDP. That's not going to get you anywhere. Okay. Anyways guys, if you like my content, make sure you subscribe if you haven't. Go watch my playlist. Destroy the like button. Leave me any comments if you have so I can get to those questions in the next video. Thank you so much for watching. Until next time.