One of the most overlooked steps in self-publishing is choosing the right categories for your books. Believe it or not, that single decision can make or break your visibility on Amazon. Hi, I'm Christa and I'm a self-published author, but I have years of experience in search engine optimization, and I'm bringing that to the self-publishing world. Here's the truth. So many authors spend weeks, even months, writing and editing their book, but they skip the upfront research when it comes to choosing categories. They just choose a couple that sound right when they're uploading their book and their manuscript, but they don't realize those categories determine how discoverable their book will be. Categories are essentially your book shelf placement in the world's largest bookstore. Choose the wrong one and your book could get buried. Choose the right one and you could hit bestseller list in your niche, gain more visibility, and reach the readers who are actively searching for your type of book. Another key point that often gets missed is that categories differ between paperbacks and ebooks. This means you can't just copy and paste the list of categories for each type of book. You have to be more specific when choosing this. When you're selecting categories, think about a few things. Competition level, how many books are already ranked in that category? the relevancy of that category to your book's content and how easy or difficult it will be to climb in those ranks. So, this isn't about a gaming the system. It's about being strategic so your hard work actually reaches the right readers. And that's why today I'm going to show you exactly how you can find the right categories using Publisher Rocket. With just a few clicks, you'll be able to uncover hidden categories that most authors completely miss. So, let's get into it. Here's how to set your book up for success by making smart category choices. All right, so now we're inside of Publisher Rocket and one of the options that they have here is called category search. So that is what we're going to be diving into here today. So I'm just going to click into this and I'm going to show you how powerful this category searches. So this helps us unlock how many real categories there are. Now, you may not even have this many categories to select from when you do go to upload your manuscript into Amazon. However, these are categories that also run in the backend. So, sometimes Amazon will place your book into some of these other categories, but there still should be a lot that you do have available to actually select from, and this tool with Publisher Rocket is going to help you find those. So let me make sure that we are setting this for books. So this would be for your paperback, your hard cover, things like that because there's a whole different set of categories for ebooks. So um whatever your book is, let's say that you are doing a book on money skills and so you might select books um for this exercise. And then what we might want to do here is look under this category, business and money, because that would make the most sense for what you're trying to write on your topic about and just click this check it out button. So now this is bringing us all of the categories that are underneath of business and money. So then you can just scroll through this list and see if there's anything that kind of stands out to you. Now, again, there's so much information to dive into here. Like, this list just goes on and on and on. So, one of the other things that you're going to see here, and I just want to point this out real quick because this is really important, is some of these will say selectable. That means that you can find it when you're choosing your categories inside of Amazon KDP as you're listing your book. But then other ones are going to say ghost, right? And so that is going to mean it says right here, ghost categories are difficult for shoppers to find and books cannot rank or be a bestseller within them. Instead, books rank for their parent category and those stats should be used to determine category selection. So, it's just saying that this is a um it's a ghost category and uh your book might not get a bestseller if even if you are a great seller in that category. So, just keep that in mind when selecting your uh book categories. But yeah, as you can see here, there are so many like this list feels like it goes on forever. And that is just in the business and money main category. So, couple other things that I want to point out here because this is also going to be something that you might want to take into consideration when choosing your categories. So, the first column that's over here is sales to number one. This is and as we hover over this, this is the number of books that you need to sell per day to rank number one in this category. So, first what you would do when selecting categories is to run through this list and write down all of the categories that could be a potential good fit for your book. So, maybe that means coming up with a list of 10, right? Because then what we're going to do is narrow it down because we want to make sure that we don't have an oversaturated amount of demand to have to sell number of books per day to reach number one in that category. Now, this one over here is sales to 10. That means that you're at least on that top page listing um to get um to that first page to have your book rank on the first page of Amazon. So, with that being said, you can see here these numbers are a lot smaller. So, for example, if your book was going to be in accounting and it's on a CPA test, well, you only need to sell two books a day to get in the um first page listing, but you would need to sell 13 books a day if you wanted to be number one in that category. And again, that is a selectable category. So, if your book was around accounting and taking a CPA test, then that would line up and make absolute sense. So, let's move on down and we're just going to take a look at what else we might find here. Okay. So, oh, that's business and development. I'm not looking for that. Okay. Money and economics. Okay. business, money, and economics. Maybe you want to have something on you think your book might be a good fit on banks and banking. Well, in order to be number one, you have to sell 105 books or you have to sell at least seven books a day to reach that first page. So, that's a big difference. So, that whatever book is like the top seller in that category is selling a ton. But the other books, you may not have to sell as many to at least get on page one if you only need I mean that's a big jump between 105 and seven um to get there. So makes a lot of sense. But let's say if you were trying to rank just in the economics category, you would have to sell 178 books a day to be number one in the business and money economics category versus 75 books a day just to hit that first page listing. Right? So now the other thing is publisher percentage. This is something else I want to point out over here because this is a percent of books in the category that are from a significantly sized publisher because if you're a self-publisher, you have to know how you are stacking up against major brands that have a lot of money money and marketing dollars to promote their own books and content. So that is just something else to keep in mind. So this one here in economics, that's 85% of major publishers that are spending a lot of money in that category. So again, that would be something that you might want to avoid uh just trying to list in that category and do something that's a little bit more specific like maybe uh commercial policy probably you're not writing a book about that. But um as you can see here, commercial policy only has 21% of it taken up by publishers with big budgets. Uh so that is just something else to keep in mind and look at when considering what categories to publish your book in. So let's take a look at something else. I'm going to go down a little bit further here. See if we find something else that's a little bit more relatable. All right, business and money industries automotive. So, let's just say you have an automotive business or you're writing a business book about automobiles. Anyhow, um as you can see here, only require seven books a day in order to reach number one in that category. So, there is opportunity to do something with a book in that category there. And reach the first page listing. So, that tells me that most books within that automobile category under business and money, how do you make money off selling automobiles potentially? Um, that right there tells me we don't have to sell a lot of books in order to um be top of that category listing. So, let's go ahead and hit this insights button and see where this takes us. All right, so this is going to bring us um a little bit more insights here. It's telling us what is the category growth. Um, and you can go back and see the ranked categories again. Sales to number one, sales to 10. This is basically giving us about the same data. Uh, but it is showing us this nice little month overmonth graph. Um, number of sales. How many books have sold in that category each month. So, it looks like back in April 80 books and then in August 80 books and in July 85 books. So you can see about how many total books within that category have sold uh in a given month. So this also says, hey, you know what, you're probably not going to be selling hundreds of books uh of your book that you're rating in this category. So it may not be very lucrative. Average price is about $15 for an industry uh an indie publisher versus a traditional publisher only selling them for about $1119 per book. uh probably not making a ton of money, but it would be less competition and easier to rank books in that category. Now, you can also click on keywords and identify other um keywords that you could use when crafting your title, setting up your ad campaigns, or plugging in your keywords for when you're importing all of this content into Amazon KDP with your manuscript and you're setting up your listing. So, overall, this gives us a ton of information. I would highly recommend playing around with it. If you want to get your hands on Publisher Rocket, I'm going to put the link down below in the description here of this YouTube video. Um, again, I hope you found this interesting and that you, you know, maybe it's a new tool you didn't hear of before and now you're interested in exploring it. Um, so go down there, grab it. I do think it's completely worth the investment, especially as a self-published author. Doing this upfront research and planning is so crucial to have a successful book as a self-published author without having to put tons and tons of marketing dollars behind an ads campaign just to see your book sell. So overall, thank you so much for watching. I hope to catch you in my next video and don't forget to subscribe.