In this video, I'm going to share with you my approach of doing Amazon KDP niche research. This is the hardest part of the entire business process. And many beginners probably will just listen to whatever advice you can find online either on YouTube or maybe KDP forum or maybe you're simply chasing a hot trend at this moment. That is not going to work and not going to be very profitable. So I will share with you my approach and I do the reverse engineering process and please take some notes watching the entire video and comment in the section below and let me know how you are currently doing your KDP niche research. Anyways, let's get into it. All right guys, so before we actually jump into the niche selection process, let me firstly run you through how I used to make my niche selection process. And I believe most beginners are probably doing the same steps as well. So I will just simply make a book based on my research. Okay? Whether it's on YouTube or whatever source that you found your book. Okay? And then I will create a SEO optimized title and subtitle and making sure everything on the front end for the marketing piece is on point. That is going to be your book description, cover, A+ content. This is no wrong process. And in fact, if you're a beginner who cares all these uh who take care of all these steps, congratulations. You're doing a great job. Okay? But what happens on the back end, that's this is when a Amazon KDP actually click with me. What happens on the back end is even more important than the front end. Okay? When you are making a book on Amazon, okay, treat this as you're selling a product as a business. You've got to look at it as a holistic process. Okay? But most beginners probably tend to overlook on the back end and simply don't care that much about the profitability because you've got to the back end is actually what's going to carry your business even further. Okay? And so let me show you what it actually means. And I believe most people understand the concept of total royalty which is going to be your price your retail price of the book minus print cost. And Amazon will take a cut from this. So you can figure out your royalty from KDP print cost calculator. Very easy. Just typing the trim size and page count of your book. You can quickly figure out, right? But what about what if when you want to run ads to your book, right? When I first started the entire process, I simply don't know how much to budget. Okay? I believe that that is true for for many beginners too. But just simply for this video and based on my personal experience and having speak speaking to my ad agency, right, it's very very safe to assume or at least you should budget for $1 per click if you want to run ads to your book. And frankly, it is very very difficult for you to for your book to be visible to your uh potential customers if you don't run ads to your book. That's just a reality of Amazon. Okay, so think about this way. your total royalty and minus $1 per click for your ad or sometimes could be even more. Sometimes it could be $120, $150 is all depend on niche. Okay, how many clicks can you afford to lose before you start losing money? This is the math. This is a math formula. You need to think about this. So, what I'm saying here is your total royalty minus your ad expense. The net royalty is going to be your take-home profit. So please, if you're a beginner who happen to find my video on YouTube, think about this concept and make make sure that whatever book that you decide to make, think about your net royalty or your take-home profit first before you actually jumping to a uh to a niche. So let me show you numerically what this look like, right? Take low content books for example. Okay, $10 for your book. Normally you take you make about $4 royalties, sometimes five. Okay. And let's take $1 per click for example. And if maybe people click on six or seven times to make a sale, right? That's going to be your conversion. So on average, let's say you're spending around $7 for your ad spend to make a sale, right? And then maybe $5 for your royalty. So on average, you're losing probably between$2 to $3 for your for your book. And this is why I don't make any videos or I don't intend to make any videos about how to make a coloring book using AI or how to make coloring books in general because realistically if you think about this the math just doesn't make any sense or at least it doesn't make sense to me. And if anyone's making money on your coloring book by simply running ads on Amazon then please let me know. I would like to learn that as well, but I simply just won't, you know, and I don't have any coloring books and I don't sell any coloring books in my portfolio anymore, right? So, what actually makes money is that when you actually try to find a higher price point of books to make and sell, right? This is going to be in a medium to high content niche because for those books, you can actually charge much higher. The minimum minimum price could be around $15.99 or sometimes $16.99 for some niches, right? So, for example, when you look at the crosswords puzzle book, I believe most people, if you're watching the video, you must have seen this. Crosswords puzzle book is different to word search. Word search is much more simpler. You can just simply use book bolt or pay someone on Fiverr to make a word search book. But crosswords, the puzzles are even are more difficult to make. So you've got to find someone and pay them good money to make those kind of puzzles and just to make sure that it's also errorfree. Okay. So when you look at crosswords typically the price should be around $17 to $18, right? And then people are happy to pay that price. So your royalty here in this case should be around $10 at least, right? So when you have better economy for for your for for your book sale, you have you you you are allowed to have more runs, let's say more clicks and then even let's say someone click on your book uh seven times, eight times. If you have a royalty of $10, you are still making money here. Okay, this is what I mean by you should focus on medium to high content books so that you give yourself more chance to be wrong. And remember, for most of these uh medium to high content book, you actually can turn these books into audible, right? That's going to be extra revenue for you. And you don't need to run ads to your audio book. You just simply get people to pick up the book and that's it. Okay? So that's why low content books in my opinion just doesn't make any sense because simply from a profitability perspective, I just wouldn't pick that. So let me actually just really um show you or share with you how I do this selection process. Now I would I simply just use book beam but I there's a reason for this and I understand a lot of people don't want to spend money on you know tools for book beam you can actually just use it for a month or two and then you can just don't use it. Make sure you do all the niche selection process. But simply I would just use um I would just use this book beam niche finder page. Okay. And I would just based on our metrics or our range, I would just simply filter out everything that's below $15.99. Okay. Anything below that, it don't make any sense to me because we're using $1 to $120 per click CPC for our ad point. Right? So if you look at here right I would just firstly uh this is actually in the niche finder page which is super helpful okay I will make sure that the best seller range is between let's say 22,000 or 20,000 even and number of ratings is going to be between 0 to 200 which is very very easy to make or get 200 reviews very very easy and price range I would say 15.9 an hour so that's why it's 16 here 16 to 36 whatever you know I could just leave it completely no with with no limit but starting from 16. I'm just giving you a a range here. And as you can see right here for the category, I didn't select anything because I want to see what book beam has to offer to me based on the niche finder. This is a much better way, right, than going through Amazon, the entire listing because you've got so many so many categories on Amazon. It's just every time if you just do it by hand, you can do it free, right? But this is a more effective way, a quicker way for you to figure out what niche makes sense simply just by based on our price range and number of ratings to begin with. Right? So this is after so after I've done all this uh parameters, this is what book beam gave me based on my research last night. This is I'm recording it recording this video the next day. Okay, as you can see right here, Blackstone griddle recipe book for beginners. This is the keyword, right? So when you're doing your research, what you could do is to put out this data from book beam and write down this u keyword from this title. So as you can see right here, this guy or this girl is definitely a experienced person because they actually put the main keyword in the title, Blackstone griddle recipe book for beginners. This is a keyword very searchable. you put your main keyword here on Amazon, it's going to be uh it's going to be even more it's going to be easy for you to for your book to show up on the search, right? And then here, another book, Bro, I'm cooking today. 90 easy recipes you'll actually make. So, I think Okay, so this is a cookbook for teens. Okay, and this book, I remember seeing this on Amazon.de. This book was selling in Germany. So, as you can see right here, there's only 13 reviews because remember based on our parameter, I asked Book Beam to gave me between 0 to 200 reviews, which is very easy to beat and self-published books. Okay. And this is actually what returned to us, right? $17 uh 3 cents, $17.95. And this book, I have no idea what that is. I think it's a herbal remedy book, which is also relatively easy to make. And as you can see right here, it's self-published book which sells at 22 $22, right? So if you look at this pages, 106 pages, this book, I'm pretty sure is making around uh $10 to $15 on royalty. And this is what this is why it's so important to first figure out the pricing and then you completely filter out all these unnecessary books and then give you a bunch of books that you can actually look into each um each keyword, right? And also here vision board clip our book 600 and we had a video before in my previous video I explained to you guys this is simply just pull all this picture together okay $1849 10 uh reviews uh 4.1 stars well actually you can be better 10 reviews 4.1 stars $7,000 per month 891 copies per months guys you see what I mean now by simply use use book bean and you actually have these parameters. Okay. After you found the list of books you want to look into based on your previous search criteria, right? So, pricing and the number of reviews, you want to further verify the keyword concept. So, here for for our example, Mediterranean diet cookbook for seniors. You have search volume of 15,000 per month, relatively low competition 3,000. Okay. Average price is $14.65. But I know that for this niche is going to be much higher somewhere between 17 to $18 which is why the opportunity score per book beam is 7.2 with a massive ring. Right? So that all looks really good on the surface but you want to take a further take a couple steps to further verify the concept. Right? For example, if you say the book cookbook is going to be $17 per book, 80 pages of color print, which means that your royalty is going to be somewhere between seven to $8. But anything below $8 for me personally, I will be very very skeptical because based on our baseline calculation, $120 per click, you've only got about six to seven clicks until you start losing money. So that's this to me is a massive red flag. Like imagine if this $8 is going to be $10 or $12, you're essentially giving yourself more chances or more room or more room to be wrong, right? What if your book is not converting that well? Even though sometimes few people click on your books 10 times, but you're still making money or breaking even at least, right? This is what this is what I mean by looking at this book making process as a holistic process. On the surface here is a great keyword, right? But most beginners or most people probably don't know how to verify the concept on the back end. But here in our presentation or in our video today, you now know how to calculate all this by simply using a royalty and ad costs. you should be uh assuming around $120 per per click, right? So, six to seven clicks. Do you want to make this kind of books? You probably want to think twice, right? So, the next step obviously is that you want to take this keyword a step further, right? Go on to Amazon to verify how many reviews these books have. Some of these books have really really high number reviews and you want to be careful. Can you actually beat this many reviews? because it it's not that it's mission impossible but really reviews will take time to for you to get and also can you make better content or how difficult it is to make a particular book right whatever niche you want to get into you you should always verify the number of reviews you have on Amazon and how difficult it is to make this kind of book so for our example today right Mediterranean diet cookbook for seniors even though this is a strong search keyword 15,000 uh search volume per a month, right? 7 to $8 royalty. But you still have some red flags here. Number one is going to be high uh high number reviews for this kind of niche. And also the CPC, which is going to be around $120. So you want to do the quick uh u quick calculation just to make sure that you you are actually comfortable to get into this niche. Right? So, moving into 2026 and if you're still watching my video at this point, I really want everybody to start thinking um differently when you come to niche selection process, you have a great tool like book beam to help you filter out those books. But even though like in our example today is uh there's a massive uh green sign of opportunity score, a 7.2. But even with that, you still want to take um to take further steps, look deeper into your research whether you want to get into this niche by calculating the profitability for your book. This is how you win when it comes to Amazon KDP. And that is why again I want to just tell you guys that I don't do low content books because obviously the $4 royalty, $1 CPC, it just simply for me maths don't work. And this is how you actually how you should or how everybody should be doing your niche research. Of course, you're going to be using book bean or you know just to filter out all these books, right? But then again, focus on profitability should be the way to go moving into 2026. All right guys, that's it for the end of the video and hopefully I was able to explain to you how I do my KDP niche selection process and I really hope that whoever watch this video and moving to 2026 everybody start looking at it this entire process as a business focus on the back end focus on your profitability and then reverse engineer you will be able to absolutely find the relevant keyword accordingly and if you want book beam I will leave a link in the video description below it's super helpful you don't even have to sign up for the whole year. Just do it for like a month or two. Make sure you get the keyword uh selected. Focus on one or two books that you can be super super profitable. This is how you actually do a business. You don't need a huge amount of books in your portfolio. But really, once you find a niche that makes sense, you're going to make a lot of money in Amazon KDP. Okay? And if you have any uh questions, make sure to comment below, like, and share this video with whoever that needs help with the niche selection. It's not easy, but it's absolutely essential. Anyways, thank you so much for watching. Until next time.