Hi, my name is Peter and I spent over half a million on Amazon ads. Sounds like a lot of money, but this half a million has contributed to $5 million in total royalties. That's nearly a 10x of my ad spend. This video will show you how the big players optimize their ads. Most strategies you learn on YouTube can be very basic and repetitive. This video is not one of those videos. Look at this video as a real course. Make notes and implement what you learn. Your instructor for this session is Amazon ads expert Gerald Confi. Hey guys, welcome to this video. We're going to talk today about advanced ad regulation. Why lowering your bids is a losing strategy. This video is a bit more advanced, so if you're a beginner, it might confuse you. Maybe it's not so recommended if you're just starting out on Amazon ads for you to watch this video. However, if you have a bit more experience, then go right ahead. Now, the common advice when it comes to regulating your ads or improving your a cost, your average cost of sales, is that if your a cost is too high, all you have to do is just lower your bids. That's what we've been taught. If your a cost is way too high, then simply lower your bids. That will take care of the problem. However, for more advanced publishers that are looking to scale, to launch their books more aggressively, to rank high for certain SEO keywords, this is often the worst advice you could follow. So, today, my objective here with this video lesson is to give you the standard operating procedure that will separate you from beginners and put you more into the advanced league of Amazon advertisers. First, let's just briefly go over the bidding system, right? So whenever we bid on Amazon, when whenever we try to run ads for our book, we're basically asking Amazon to give us spots, sponsor spots, sponsor placements either on a search query or underneath a competing product. Let me give you an example. So imagine you have a how to draw patterns book, right? Then that means that you would want to appear when someone searches how to draw patterns, you would want to appear maybe here as the first product or as a second product. Usually the first and second spot are reserved as a sponsored product placements. So that means that you can actually get to the top of the search result by just paying your way to the top, right? And then you have the organic results which can be the same. In this case, it's the same. The person bidding the highest for this keyword or winning um winning the bait system, right, is actually also the first person organically that appears in in this uh result. Then we have other books, etc., right? But then we have another section of um sponsor products right here. And if we go further down, we'll find at least two more. So I think we're just going past another one or here we have another one. And finally at the end we have a few more here. All right. So uh that's when you are bidding for a keyword. And if you are bidding for a product that might be your competition, well, you would want to bid aggressively because you would want to appear as one of the first products here on the left on related products, which is also a sponsor product placement, right? the less you bid or the less you win on these little auctions, the more to the right you will be or maybe you will be on a different page on page two, three, four, five, six, seven and the the less relevant your book or the less likely it's going to get picked up. Right? So by by knowing this, we know for a fact that the best placements are usually the first two here and for this one are usually the first two or three, right? these these are the best ones because these are the ones that are uh the first results that a possible customer will see. So, we want to appear there because that's where the uh strongest intention of purchasing will be found, right? And that brings me to the bidding paradox why cheaper clicks aren't always better. Because when you're bidding high, you're actually trying to aggressively place yourself on search result number one, search result number two, and sponsor placements. and you're uh bidding high to appear as the first or second or third related product under a competitor's product. So, you're bidding high to get those really high intention customers. And when you're advertising to high intention customers, your conversion rate is better. So, now every eight clicks you get a sale, every five clicks you get a sale, or every three clicks you get a sale because you're placing yourself right where someone that has a high intention of buying will usually click on. Now, if you decide to lower your bid, you're not going to appear for those places anymore. You're going to appear maybe on the second page, on the third page, or fourth or fifth page of a search result. Or you might appear on the second page of a a related product section. And those sections are usually browsed or navigated by people that are not looking to buy. They're just comparing. They're looking to see options, but they don't have intention of buying or their intention is not as aggressive as the high bid customers, right? Or the high intent customers. So when you lower your bids to reduce your spend, when you lower your bids to reduce your a cost, sometimes you're not really going to end up reducing your spend. And sometimes your a cost will even go up instead of down. Your cost will go up instead of down. Why? Because now it's not going to take you eight clicks to get one sale. Now it's going to be 20 clicks to get a sale because you're bidding so low or you're bidding to appear on the second or third page or you're bidding not as aggressively where people are not really looking to buy. So that's why uh I don't recommend bidding as especially bids reductions aggressive bid reductions at all. I usually don't recommend this. What I recommend as the first step you should take if you want to lower your a cost is to focus on search terms. So the golden rule is to cut waste before you adjust your bids. The beautiful thing about campaigns is that almost every campaign, even exact campaigns, actually all campaigns have a section on their campaigns called search term report, which uh shows you exactly what was a search term that was that a customer was looking for where your ad appeared. No matter what type of targeting you're doing, you can know exactly what search you term, what search term people use to get to your ad, right? and you're able to negatively target that search term so that you never spend money on that again. And you can do this before lowering your bids in order to keep your bids aggressive but at the same time save money on unnecessary uh I guess unnecessary clicks that are not getting you any money. Let me show you what this looks like. So this is a great example because you have here a broad a keyword broad campaign that is at 229% a cost. Now, normally if the the campaign is really really bad, you can just go and turn off targets immediately without thinking twice. But let's follow my own suggestion for this particular campaign. You would first before regulating any bits here, you would go to search terms. And here on search terms, what you want to do is identify which are the search terms that are actually getting you clicks. you know because they are not necessarily the same that you have as keywords being targeted in broad targeting for instance but they might be different right and what you want to do is you want to filter your results by clicks you want to go from the highest clicks to the lowest clicks and here we can see that okay we have a search term that has that got 140 clicks 13 sales and we have 109 clicks and two sales which is terrible I mean this conversion rate is really bad that means that I'm getting a sell every 50 clicks or so, right? And then we have a few like 18 clicks and no sales, 18 clicks and no sales, 15 clicks, no sales, right? Seven clicks, no sales. So, the first thing that I would do is I would start negatively targeting everything that has 10 clicks or more without a sale. So, what we can do here is we can take this particular search term, copy it, go to negative targeting, and just add it as a negative keyword. You can add it here and save. I already added this particular term, so that's why it's not letting me do it again. But that is one way you can start regulating. Now, another way is also by filtering by a cost. And you can see which search term has the highest a cost, right? And we have one that has had 50 clicks and only one sale at over 1,000% a cost. So, we can definitely turn that off or at least negatively target it. So we can start by doing the same just copying and pasting to negative targeting and negatively targeting this as an exact keyword term. Now that's just phase one. What else can we do here? Now you can uh filter by orders and you can see that most of the orders that were made are from keywords that only get one sale, right? And many of them have had one click, one sale, two clicks, three clicks, four clicks. So, what this means is that on average, um, you're getting a sale five clicks or less. What this means is that you can actually filter all of your results. You can click here and put in sales less than one and clicks greater than maybe four. And you can find all the terms that have had more than four clicks, five clicks or more without a sale. And you can actually negatively target all of them. You can simply click on the top left here and click at click at add as negative keyword and you will be able to negative negatively target all of these search terms at once which is something that I do whenever I want to regulate more aggressively. If you want to go even one step further, you can filter by sales less than one and then clicks greater than zero. So, if you had a one click and no sales, which is worth here around $414 spent on $255 clicks that had not had a sale yet, I can actually take all of them and negatively target all of them at once. This is if I want to be even more aggressive in my regulation that comes before my changing of the bits or my lowering of the bits or turning off of targets in this case. So the first step is to prune your search terms. Here on the screen, I'm I'm showing you that we have a 10 click rule, but I showed you a little bit more. You can do it with five clicks or even with one click depending on how aggressive you're being. The next step then is actually to regulate the bids, right? So you want to know your break even a cost and you want to know uh what the current a cost is. You can see that on your campaign metrics. And obviously if your break even a cost is much lower than your current a cost, you would continue lowering the bid until you're able to reach the break even a cost. Now sometimes reaching the break even a cost is impossible because your a cost is so high and the break even a cost is very low. So many times this is when you can actually take the decision to simply turn off a target. However, if your break even a cost is within sight, what I would recommend is lowering your bids gradually. maybe lower it by five to 10 cents and then wait for a few more days to see what happens with the conversion rate. Usually, if you lower just gradually, you will able you will be able to maintain most of your conversion rate because you're lowering gradually. So, you're you're not going to go maybe for the first result. Maybe you're going to show up for the second result or for the next uh tier of results right at the center of a search query, which is still quite good. Some people might still buy from looking at those search results on the placements of your search query, if that makes sense. However, if you decide to lower the bids just uh very aggressively, then you might be sending yourself from the first page all the way to the second and then your conversion rate would be greatly affected. Now, what if you've done all of this optimization and you're still struggling? You've worked on your listing. You've regulated your bids properly. You've negatively targeted why you needed to negatively target and you've lowered your bids um trying not to make your um ads completely disappear to the second page. You've tried everything, but you you're still not being profitable with ads. What's happening? Well, then it might be time to check your conversion rate. Conversion rate basically answers the following question. How many clicks does it take for you to get a sale on average? Are you getting one cell every five clicks, one sale every 10 clicks, or one sale every 50 clicks? Like we saw earlier, you know, what is your conversion rate? So, let me give you just a rule of thumb here. If your conversion rate is 16% or higher, you have an excellent conversion rate. You're doing very well. This doesn't mean that your your book will definitely be profitable or it might even lose money, but at least your conversion rate is good, is better than books on average, right? So, that's that's very good. You might just need to tweak a few things to make it profitable. Now, if it's between 10 to 15%, that's uh still good. It's not excellent. It's still good. You've done a good job and you can still get that book uh with a few changes into profitability. Um it's realistic, right? If we have a 7 to 9% conversion rate, then we're talking about moderate to poor, right? you have um somewhat of a poor conversion rate, you can still make it work. Um books can be profitable really at any of these ranges if I'm being completely honest. However, between 7 to 9%, you can start to tell that maybe your book is not the best amongst its competition and it's not the best amongst um it's not competing well for the targets that you're pushing it for. And if you have a conversion rate of less than 7%, then I would worry because your book has a bit of a conversion problem. Now, I bet you're you're you want to see what the conversion um rate of the book that we were looking at was at. We can check it out right now. So, as you can see, the conversion rate is hovering around 6.35%. So, we can also say, but it's not just the ads that is the problem. It's also a conversion rate problem. So, uh there are things in the book that need to be optimized at the same time to make it work. It's not just the ads, but also the book itself. there needs to be more work done right now. Many times people are always trying to reduce their a cost and that in in and of itself is not the best idea because I want to present uh a new concept to you which is win the war not just a battle. So beginners chase immediate profitability while professionals chase long-term dominance. Right? So let me give you uh a brief example which is happening with one of the ads one of the books uh that I'm running for. Um again let me give you a brief example of one book that I'm running ads for. Currently the a cost for this book is around 90%. So with a 90% a cost usually this book should be at a massive loss. However this book is actually making around 20 to $30 net profit per day. So normally people would go into panic and say hey I need to reduce the a cost because it's at 90% and that's not good. Whereas in my head I'm thinking wait this is awesome. This is great that I can sustain profit at 90% a cost because I'm bidding so much. I'm being super aggressive and that means that even despite this I'm making money. Imagine someone just starting out trying to compete with me runs ads. they will see that their ads are at 100% a cost, 120% a cost, and they will turn them off immediately. They will not want to compete at a loss. Whereas, I'm able to sustain a loss in ads and on top of that still make money. That means that well, a book is performing quite quite well. It's uh it's killing it. So, in my case, what I'm deciding to do for that book is leave it there for just a bit more. I don't want to regulate it. I don't have that urge to regulate it so fast. I'm slowly trying to reduce the a cost by creating more profitable campaigns so that the a cost averages out to something lower instead of trying to reduce what is making you money even despite such a large a cost. So sometimes the most powerful move is to run your ads at a slight controlled loss a cost slightly above break even. I gave you an extreme example of 90% a cost but for most of my books I run the ads at maybe 10% more than break even a cost maybe 15% more than break even a cost because I'm always trying to edge out the competition that is running at complete just break even a cost right so why because we want to outlast them I remember when I was first starting out with Amazon ads I used to publish a book try to run ads and after a couple of weeks if I saw that the book was not performing well my a cost was too high. Maybe perhaps even after a month, I would just end up throwing in the towel and just turning off the ads and I would kind of just give up, right? And now that I'm on the other side of this where I have a bit more knowledge, well, you have to understand that this is still a competition. So, if I can outlast my uh my competitors, I can have a higher a cost while still profiting, that's actually better because in the long term, I'm going to be well edging out competitors. Competitors will not be able to maintain that level of loss as I am able to do it, right? So, you will be able to bleed out the competition while others lower their bids and become invisible. You stay in the top spots. Over time, they give up and turn off their ads, which is amazing. That's amazing for me. You maximize visibility and organic sales. Your book accumulates sales, improves its BSR and gains free organic rankings. So that's something very important. If you are doing maybe um you're getting 70% AOS on a book, that means you're losing money on ads more than likely. However, your book is able to maintain the top one or two positions for a very strong keyword. that top position is going to land you so many more organic sales that it can make up for the loss that you're getting on ads. So, if you're able to make up for the loss on ads with a very strong SEO position, then it's completely justified to continue running your ads that aggressively, right? So, don't when you're um trying to regulate your ads, one thing that I've seen is that beginners always look at only the ads console. That's all they look at. Well, more advanced professionals always look at the ads console, look at your SEO ranking, and also look at your publisher champ or your net profit daily. You know, you have three things to consider, not just the the cons the console itself. If you're only looking at the console, you are not running your ads um very optimally, right? So, um, what you want to be doing is pushing for a better BSR in case you are following this mindset. Again, this is for more advanced people. When someone that's new, uh, starts doing this, it starts trying to rank at a loss, usually they they lose too much money and they don't know enough to regulate. This is why I would only recommend this for more advanced people. And uh and that's a beautiful thing if you're able to pull it off because if you're able to get the top two position of a main keyword and you have uh 70% a cost. However, you're getting so many sales that the the amount of sales the sheer volume of sales you're getting gets you more reviews faster reviews than your competition. That means you can have a better conversion rate over time. And that means that your ads will be only become more profitable over time as well. So this is kind of a war of attrition. It's a war of who can last longer sometimes. And if you're more advanced, you're investing in your book as a long-term asset, right? So, um, what are the next steps? Well, I could invite you, if you're a bit more advanced, to launch aggressively and to look at these factors and to not reduce your bids so blindly, applying this SOP to make sure that you're uh keeping competitive even though you're reducing your spend. And once you can do that, you'll be one step closer to dominate the niche you're in with a more long-term mindset. I hope that was helpful.