Hey guys, been a while since I did a Publisher Rocket update. So, let's do one for 2025. I'm going to do a full walkthrough of every single function in Publisher Rocket. Before we get started, there's an affiliate link if you haven't got your Publisher Rocket yet. But, um, make sure you check the version on bottom lefthand corner. Um, and then you'll see Publisher Rocket updates. What you want to see is the version number is the latest. So, the latest version as of um, you know, July or August, early August is 2.0.95. 0.95 and they tell you what the update is and the release date. Anyway, so that is the updates. Make sure you're on the U first the correct version. That's the first thing to check. Um the homepage over here, keyword search, keyword search. So you can navigate from the top bar. Okay, keyword search, competition analyzer, or you can navigate from the big um icons in the middle. All right, it doesn't really matter. They bring you to the same thing. So for example, if you type keyword, if you click on keyword search on the top bar and go to home, you click on keyword search in the middle, it takes you to the same thing. Um before we do any searches, um there's tutorials. So if you want to check out KB um KDP, sorry, Publisher Rockets, um tutorials. They've got a whole bunch here. Um so there we go. That's that that's available to you if you want to learn more. Now, before you run any any searches of any kind, make sure you're on the right marketplace. So, I'm going to stick to US because for me, that's the largest um marketplace and you know, select your language and the default book format. I I just keep it to books. Um but as you'll see, you can do different searches. So, let's say keyword search, you got books, Kindle only or audible only. So, that's for the keyword search. Um similar thing you know for competition analyzer, Kindle, Audible or ASIN, ISBN. Um now the only thing I would say is the uh Amazon ads thing is a little different. Um and I'll we'll go through that later. But if you don't run ads l you know yet then don't worry about it. Or if you if you you know kind of want to look into it but um you're not running ads that's okay too. I'm going to cover that. Um, but I have like my own thing with Amazon ads. So, um, I don't place too too much emphasis, but I'm going to walk through it because it's important to uh to know how to use Publisher Rocket to run your ads if you want to do that. You don't have to reverse as um so you have like a limit uh number of searches. Um, just be aware of that. Uh, so yeah, that is the homepage. Let's get into the first um the first tab. Keyword search. We're going to use a fictitious um book. I I didn't write this one, by the way. James Clear. Um so, Atomic Habits. I I love this book, by the way. So, we're going to um use this as an example for um all our um Publisher Rocket examples today. So, type your keyword in. So, books. So, for James Clear, maybe I would do like habit or something like that and see what comes up. Okay. So, there's the keyword search. Um, I would say you need to click on all these to see which one's relevant. So, obviously, Atomic Habits is ranking very, very well. Um, and they've got a competitive score. If in doubt about any of these, what these mean, just hover over the um the question mark icon. So over here it says show the average um pages at the top and then you can see just highlight these um sorry um click on the uh little inspector button and then you can see what the um the the figures are for say that keyword. All right. Now red competitive score. So just briefly red is actually very competitive and then you want to see green. So green is um like a traffic light system. arenas a go. But as you'll see like over here, although it's highly competitive, there's a lot of searches, right? So, you have to kind of decide um what what you're willing to use for keywords. Um obviously, make sure you're compliant with KDP's um you know um guidance and rules, right? So, like over here, there's competitive score habit tracker. You know, maybe that might be good. Um, it's got an average number of pages of uh for for a book of um 97 pages. So, that might be good. But it's got 50,000 competitors. So, I'm not sure um although it's um got a low competition score. Um there's actually less than 100 searches u per month estimated. This is estimated. Um these earnings, they're all estimated. The average price might be useful if you're like if you're in a low content space. you you probably want to know that if you're a regular book space, you probably want to know that as well. You know, the average price and the number of competitors, that's huge. Anyway, um basically look at the keywords on the left hand side, okay? And see, you know, which one which one would suit your book best and then once you found that um so for example, maybe I'm in this niche. I would click on the inspector button and then get the information. just give it a bit of time because sometimes it's got to pull in the information. Um, and then once I've got that data, you can export it or, you know, if you want, if there's not that many, just, you know, write it in a in an Excel, um, you know, uh, spreadsheet or something and then you can do your analysis. So, that's the keyword search function. Okay. The next tab or the next icon is competition analyzer. Um, so type your keyword in here. And then I usually just leave it at books because that's what what I want to um analyze. So in this case, I'm going to analyze the competition. Um, and I know exactly what it's called, Atomic Habits. So it's going to take a bit of time, but hopefully it pulls up the book um, as our example file. And you can see it's telling you what it's doing, right? It's telling you real time what information it's pulling. So we should be there momentarily. Um, so give it a bit of time because you know, Publisher Rocket does have to pull information. It does have to search. Um, and there we go. First one here, Atomic Habits. Um, title and you can see type paperback, audible, audio book, um, or book category, hard cover for example over here. This is obviously um you know this is um hard cover but yeah I don't know if I would I would do something like that to be honest because um and also summary books um big thing summary books I would not be doing summary books myself. I I think it's you know infringing on people's information. Anyway I I'm I'm digressing. So if you do competition analyzer you can check it out. Um, if you click here, it'll open a tab to bring you to the book itself. Okay. Um, and then you can see what the book is all about. Let's um, go back to Publisher Rocket. So, you can see age is kind of important because it's if it's been around for a long time, number of days since it was published. So, this is quite important because it establishes like how long a book has been there. If it's been there for like 90 days, it's less than, you know, it's like 3 months, you know. Um, and this this kind of stuff like I don't know summary guide and workbook, you know, I I don't like Daily Summary as the author. Do you think Daily Summary is paying James Clear to use any of his uh intellectual property? Um, anyway, I digress. But yeah, so obviously there's the book you can click to see the categories and then you will see um James Clear Atomic Habits book is only in two categories, right? Um, so that's useful to know if you are trying to pick a category and you're looking at um a book that's in a similar niche, right? Um, so yeah, keywords in the title or subtitle. This is quite useful to know. It's probably not as relevant for um fiction books, but it's very very relevant for non-fiction and um uh low content stuff, right? So this one you want to know um number of pages. Again, useful to know depending on what you're writing or what you're producing. Um, so this is the competition analyzer. It gives you a breakdown of um what you know your competitors are are in. For example, the categories um it tells you whether competitors are using keywords in the title or subtitle. Um tells you information about the book itself, you know. So ABSR over here, Amazon bestseller rank just shows you how like the lower the number the better. But basically, it's kind of like um like music charts. I I like to use that example. So number one is the best. Okay. So if you got um a bestseller rank, BSR of one, then you are doing incredibly well. Um but if you got like the bestseller rank of like millions, then you're not doing so well. Sometimes there's no bestseller rank at all. If it's never never sold. Um so that's useful information. The price, it's probably useful to know what your competitors are pricing at. Um so yeah this is the competition analyzer tab. Moving on swiftly we are going to the third one category search. So if you click on the category search um type in the last three letters. So I'm just going to I'm just going to use atomic habits and see what comes up and give it a bit of time. Okay. So it's obviously not filtering for that. So um let's see if I do habits because that's kind of it. Okay. So this is not it. We're obviously not looking at habitat. Um, so let's have a look at James Clear's book over the tab. And um, this is where you got to do a bit of soothing, right? Um, to see it's in self-help. So, you know, I would probably do self-help as a as an initial um, check self-help. Okay. So, there we go. We've got lots of self-help stuff here. See if it's um, useful for you. Like this one's a ghost category. So I would not be, you know, I would not be keen to use a ghost category. So you know, Publisher Rocket actually tells you um ghost categories are difficult for shoppers to find. Okay? And books cannot rank or be a bestseller within them. So you're basically wasting um a category search category placement if you use a ghost category. Now it helpfully tells you what the parent category is. personal transformation. So that is probably useful to know. So you want personal transformation. So over here I'll probably do personal transformation, right? And have a look. There we go. Okay. So again, I would ignore ghost categories, but I would probably see if I can choose these categories, right? These are relevant categories. Um anyway, so start typing in whatever you've got. Um, so if you're in um the fiction space, I I'm writing a thriller for example, I put type in thriller, right? Um, if you're in the non-fiction space like James Clear M, maybe it's a motivational book, right? Um, then type in motivation and then you'll see all the categories. Selectable over here, you can place your um book in selectable categories. But the ones that have none means Amazon is going to place it. you can't actually choose it, right? Um, so that's my understanding. Now, sales to number one, it just shows you um how many sales of your book you need to make in order to hit number one in that category. And sales to number 10, again, number of books per day that you need to sell to hit number 10 in that category. Um, so let's have a look over here. It says publisher. This the percent of books in the category that are from a significantly sized publisher. So these are the uh big dogs in the industry right Kindle Unlimited this the percent of books in the category that are enrolled in KU. So as you can see motivation um the percent of books is like they're not they're not enrolled in KU over here. Um and there's a very low percentage of people enrolled in KU. Um now if I just throw that back to thrillers um because you'll see that changes significantly when you switch to uh a um fiction. So if you look at KU on the fiction side, there's 57 70% people are enrolled in KU, 90% here. I know that's Japanese foreign language. Um but you you see the change from um non-fiction to fiction. So you know it it straight away tells you that fiction authors are more likely to be in KU than non-fiction. Um so click on insights category details and it'll give you like these fancy details. Um, and you can actually have a look at it if you want. Just bear in mind this is an audible audible category. Um, so like it says Audible over here, right? So if you're looking at books, you can you may not have insights. If you look at um for for this category, you may not have insights, but for other categories, you may. So you can click on the insight um button and see what comes up like the average rating um average age days, so how long a book's been published. It's important because you establish um how how kind of uh um how solid you are in that category if you like and then you can even have a look at keywords that might be relevant to that category. Um so here we go. You've got a whole list that are relevant for this um category, right? And you may want to use some of these. Make sure you're compliant with KDP's um rules and guidance and all that. But yeah, so that is the category search um function. Moving on swiftly, Amazon ads. Let's click on that. Now, you can save up to two projects. I'm going to start a new project. And as I said, we're going to use James Clear's book as an example. So, this is his book. I'm just going to grab the uh actually. So, that's that's the ISBN. That's the ISBN 13. If you want to get the ASIN, um it's right here. Okay. It looks like this. It's just after the DP or GP. So, Ctrl C that or copy that. Copy that and then go back to Publisher Rocket and then type in over here. So, paste it, right? And then search. Um, now this obviously isn't my book. I'm just using it as an example. Um, but it should find that book hopefully. Okay. So, this let's let's say that's your book. Um, and then you can type in your keywords. Okay. So, let's say you got your book, you've entered it. I'm going to put habit. Um, I'm going to put um motivation. I don't know. I'm just making things up, right? Um, please don't don't do this, you know. Um, but it tells you a bit. Input the sum keywords associated with your book. Um, I don't dictionary. Thank you. This helps Rocket align Amazon's project relevance score. So, relevancy of keywords is really important. For best results, keep your keyword phrases to forwards or less, even if this is different from your KDP account. So, um yeah, forwards or less is what they suggest. So, let's I'm going to I'm just going to throw some um uh small habits um daily routine and let's see. Okay, let's just see what comes back. All right, which select which books are similar to yours. Um I would say maybe maybe this one. Let's say let's say you know um they all look good. So if they all look good, you know, you can select or unselect. And um this one I definitely want selected. And this one probably not. This is probably not um habit habit driven. This is habit driven. Mindset not really. Um maybe not. So I'm going to select three books that are similar. I'm going to save project and continue. And let Publisher Rocket do the heavy lifting for me. So it's going to it's doing its thing. You know, it's detecting fresh books, filtering books. um it's it's really you know kind of running through their um algorithms and um hopefully we get some useful information from this. So let's see let's see what it turns out. Um okay it's preparing data should be out soon. Should be out soon. Give it give it a second um because it does need to pull information from Amazon number one and then it's got to um kind of analyze it. So keyword targets, search terms related to your seven Kindle keywords. So have a look and it gives you a relevance relevance score. Um the higher the better. Okay. And this is like you know it says this relevance score is built directly from Amazon data indicators to determine how closely we think Amazon Amazon associates a keyword with your book. In general, green, right, green relevant scores tend to have the lowest um cost per click CPC for your book. Yellow is mid-level and red has the highest cost per click. So, this kind of related um to how much you're going to pay. Anyway, um I like to use these to see if there's any like um you know, books uh sorry, keywords that that are useful, self-help habits, right? Um Charles Dickens would not be relevant for me. Um how to change your mind maybe. I don't know. It depends. So yeah, I would add those. So if you tick this, it adds it to your your keyword list. Okay. Um and then go through the whole thing. Search terms link to your category. I would look at this self-help. I' I've already got self-help, but yeah, let's add that. Resilience, maybe. Um self-improvement, yes. Self-esteem, maybe. Um and then again, you know, have a look at the green. The more green it is, the better. The more red it is, not not so much. Um so basically I build out a whole list of keywords and then go back like later I I can export the list um and then I would later on um do my own analysis of this. So book targets um have a look. This is always useful to see what other books um Publisher Rocket turns out that they think is similar or you know or should be looked at at least if you're looking at um your Amazon ads. So you can add all these if you want right because if you're running ads you can literally like click all the asens just add them all. Okay. So whenever you click something um it just adds it to the list right. Um again you know click on all the titles you can add all the titles here. So yeah comparable authors you know if you want to you could add all these I guess I mean you know add the asins and stuff like that but I'm not going to go into too much detail as I say I got my own process but this is the Amazon ads function in publisher rocket. Okay final tab or final function is the reverse asent lookup. This one is absolute gold. So, um, I'm going to paste. And this is the AS for Atomic Habits. I just want to snoop on them. I just want to do a bit of spying to see what they what they they're using. What's James Clear using? Let's see what Mr. Clear is using. So, um, over here, you'll see it's it's going to come up um over here. So, this is how many lookups you have remaining for this month. Okay? So, you get 50 lookups a month. Um, and um, lookups refresh at the start of each month. If you need more lookups, click here, right? And then it'll bring you to a page, right? Um, then you can contact them. If you're someone like an ads agency, then yes, you probably need a bit more searches, right? So, it it basically explains why, you know, it limits you to 50, right? Um, and the reason is, you know, it's a huge amount of work on the service. It's not cheap, right? Um, and then this tool interacts with a monumental amount of data. So, you know, basically you got to pay for it, right? Nothing's free. So, they are paying for it and then in in turn you then have your 50 lookups. Um, so yeah, keywords this book has ranked for on Amazon. You will look at all these and um Rocket has flagged this keyword because Amazon recommends not to use this information to most items in the category like book. I wouldn't I wouldn't even bother doing something like book or paperback. It's just a waste of time. Like your book's already a book. It's already a it's already a book or um paperback, right? Anyway, if you look at this competition score, you can analyze to see searches per month and average sale. I completely ignore um most of these, but it just gives me a way to see what um keywords um this book might be using, right? So, you can even click on this, see other keywords that may be good for this book, and then you know, Publisher Rocket will give you more information. Um if you scroll down here, you'll see there's like quite a few pages to go through. So, click on the next page to see what other, you know, what other keywords they they they are using like good habits, bad habits. That's a useful one for this book. I might use that. Um, bad habits, good habits. Um, I probably wouldn't double double down on that because you've already got good habits, bad habits, habits for business. That might be useful. Anyway, um, you know, this is basically the uh the reverse as lookup. So, as I said, you know, there's a link in the description. If you haven't got a copy, you can grab your copy. This is an affiliate link, so I do get a small commission, but check out this video right here where I walk through my entire keyword process. Okay? So, check out that video or check out this video that YouTube thinks is perfect for you. Subscribe to the channel. I'll see you there.