So, in today's video, I wanted to do a live demonstration on what I think is the single greatest way to do your niche research to find trending niches, to find niches that people haven't ruined through virtue of competition, you can still compete in a lot of saturated or competitive niches. But in this day and age in 2026 with the advancements of AI, it's a really great opportunity to find these niches quickly and then enter into those niches quickly before anybody else does. So, we're going to go through a no tool method. No tools at all. And this method works like clockwork and it's going to work for pretty much any type of niche that you're interested in getting into, whether it's high content, medium content, or low content. So, let's get straight into this. And the first thing that we're going to do is come over to the amazon.com bestseller list. So I like to go on to Google and just type Amazon bestsellersbooks.com. You can do this on Amazon. This is just my default way of getting to the bestsellers page. So this is going to present you with all the different book categories that you can do your niche research on. So this might seem like a genuinely super super simple and obvious way of doing niche research, but like I said, it works like clockwork. And every single time that I do this, I find genuine new niches that I can target. So, I think one of the big problems that we have when it comes to niches is that we're constantly being presented niches like this. Something like a cute cat coloring book, bold and easy. For me, this isn't a niche. it's an idea within a niche and it's just being presented as a good opportunity because ultimately you're using a longtail keyword which has um fewer search results than what people are actually searching for which is probably something like cat coloring book or bold and easy coloring book. Okay, so this method you're going to be able to identify these actual niches very very quickly and easily. So if we just do a couple examples and we'll start with doing an example for coloring books which we're going to find on the left hand side in crafts hobbies and home. So as part of this method and it's something that you're just going to get better and better at as you spend more time on Amazon is what I'm going to call the scanning method where you're basically going through the bestselling categories. You're doing a certain type of scan. um you're going to meet a certain criteria in this case and then you're going to identify the niches from your scanning. Okay. So, one of the first things that I do is to completely especially for coloring books is to completely disregard anything that's been published by Coco Wire, Jade Summer, Hikaro Cots, any Vivy Tintter, the bigger publishers in whatever niche that I'm trying to get into. I'm going to ignore them because they got a lot of following, a lot of advertising spend, and these opportunities just aren't anywhere near as good as they made out to be because they're super generic. They're dominated by very high quality books. And of course, since everyone showcases these books all the time, they're going to be super competitive as well. So, as part of our criteria, we're going to reduce those type of books from the equation completely. Then what we're going to do, we're going to scan through the listings and look for books that have less than 100 reviews. So this is a super fast way to identify these kind of new niches. We're going to introduce some more criteria into this in just a second. But just to show you what I mean here, we're going to disregard anything with thousands and thousands of thousands of reviews. And we're just going to scan here until we see something that catches our eye in terms of a low review. So, if you don't find anything in the parent category, what we can do is start to niche down a little bit here. I'm just going to go for coloring books for grown-ups, then we're going to head over to any of these categories. Typically, what I would do is go through all of the categories that I'm interested in and then start doing our scanning method. But, we'll start here in fashion and see if we can pick out something that's got a lot of potential. So, as I'm scrolling through here, just coming toward the 65th best seller in this category, we can see that we're vintage lifestyle coloring book. So, you might be looking at that thinking, but I don't know what keywords to target for this book. And in in 2026, where Amazon's algorithm is just going to be good enough to find your audience. In my opinion, you don't have to worry too much about keywords. You just have to know what type of book that you're creating. So, for example, this is going to be a vintage type of coloring book for adults and it's going to have fashions and fashion and interiors inside as well. And as you can see, this is something that's been created with AI. It's got a very tiny amount of reviews, 10 reviews. So, basically, the fact that it's breaking in to the top 100 of its category and it's not got many reviews. It's made with AI. The book cover is okay. What this is saying to me is that this is a niche that still has potential in 2026 if it has the strength to break into the top 100 without hardly any reviews. Same goes for this one here. I'm not quite sure what a baddy romance coloring book is. Maybe something for Valentine's, but it's got a very tiny amount of reviews. So, as soon as I see this and I can see that it's independently published, it's going to get my interest. Um, then I can go ahead and create my own book in this niche, basically. And honestly, if you just spend some time doing this, I can guarantee you're going to start finding niches that you've never heard of before, ever thought that existed. Like this, for example, streetear design sketchbook. Okay? Never heard of it before. It's not got many reviews. It's currently selling at the moment, I believe, given that it's broken into the top 100. So, if we were into the sketchbooks, we could go ahead. We could create content for this. Now, of course, if you're going to enter into a new niche, no matter what it is, no matter what message you're going for, you should always try and create something better or different. So, whether that's just going to be different and better through virtue of the book cover. Now, if it's something that is high content, then ideally, you're going to have to create something that offers a solution better than your competitor's books. And as you can see, you're going to pick up on tons of these gems here. Sneaker coloring book is one that's got potential. I would avoid it because of obviously different brands that are involved with this, but there's tons and tons and tons. If you go down this rabbit hole, you're going to get stuck here and you're going to find a lot of fantastic niches that you can get into. And as you start doing this in different categories, you're going to open up some more potentially seasonal books as well. So, I do believe that mixing cross n cross niching with a seasonal approach. So, something like a monochrome book with a spring theme. I believe in 2026 with the use of AI, this is the single most powerful method for people that are looking to get started or looking to see their first few sales is to get in onto these niches and put some kind of spin onto it. So that could be a seasonal spin. So um monochrome flower coloring book is obviously monochrome with this kind of spring um spin on it at the same time. And it's really really powerful stuff. And you're going to be able to see from the BSR here, 4,000, which is absolutely ridiculous now that I've seen it. That's making a ton of money. Um, but when you do this, like I said, I do believe you need to get in fast and create these. So, for example, if there's not many people doing something like a monochrome Easter coloring book, then you'd want to get in, do that as soon as possible, and make uh be one of the first people to get in on these niches. So, one thing to note before we move on is that on the 30th of January 2026, the Ray Dog seller room is going to be hosting a free session that anybody can join. And the topic of that session, we're going to do an indepth strategy for these seasonal books. How you can plan your entire year with these seasonal books. We're going to take a look at some niches that I can guarantee you've never seen before. These niches are pretty lowhanging fruit. We're going to show you how you can create them using AI and we're going to take a look at things like your release schedule, how you should run Amazon ads to these type of books, the type of books that I'm actively going to be pursuing myself with this strategy. This is going to be happening on Friday the 30th if you want to get involved and watch this call live. It is free for anybody to join. Just go into the description below, sign up to the Radoc Seller Room. You can sign up for free if you want. There's obviously the paid version where we do these calls every single week, but this one on Friday the 30th, completely free, completely free. If you want to get involved, it's going to be a killer killer session and a big big deal for publishers in 20126. Again, if you want to check it out and be a part of it, click the link below or go to chrisreold.com. So, one thing as well that I'm extremely big on is is creating this content and releasing it, is it worth our time? So, for example, if we look at something like a monochrome coloring book, if we were going to come in and do a monochrome/spring coloring book, we need to look at the BSRS for the other books, the historic BSRS ideally for [snorts] the current books that are being offered here and see if it's worth our time. So, we can look at a static BSR on any given day and it could be quite good, it could be quite bad, but ideally we want to see how much potential the book has throughout the course of a year before we get involved with it. So, for example, if we're creating something like a motivational swear word coloring book, what I recommend that people do is just check, unless you're doing a seasonal book, is to just check that this book has or the niche that you're entering into has got this evergreen potential. Okay? So, for example, what we can do is use the Helium 10 BSR extension here. So, we're going to go over to all time and just see how this book has been performing for its entire lifetime. And as you can see, it had a rocky start for a a very long time, at least a year. But ultimately, over time, there's been a ton of buyer interest in this book. And in fact, it's got even stronger as the time has gone on. And it's kept its it's kept it that strength as the price point has changed obviously last year. So, this would say to me that yes, the niche does have ongoing demand and is worth us entering into. Now, the other thing you have to consider is how long is it going to take you to create this content. So, one of the great things and one of the bad things about AI in 2026 is that everyone can create this content very, very quickly. So, for the most part, most niches now are definitely worth [clears throat] getting into, but you still have to hedge your bets and make sure it's worth your time. Cuz if this were going to take you 3 months, 4 months, or 5 months to create, you probably wouldn't do it. So the same applies here to any category that you're doing your niece research in. So for example, if we're going to do high content books, then we'll come over to something like let's go for parenting and relationships here. This is obviously going to be mostly high content books. Now, as you get better at scanning and scanning and scanning, this comes from spending time on Amazon, you'll see that books like this here that aren't immediately obvious what they are, in fact, these are audio books. If they're not immediately obvious what the niche is, then it probably means they're not going to be independently published. So, for example, if we come on to this one, I've got a good feeling that this is not going to be an independent publisher. Um, no, it's not independently published. So, we would avoid um getting too much inspiration from this niche here or this book. And then we continue just doing the scanning until we find something that is identifiable and doesn't have many reviews on them. you'll see all these books and with the way that we're filtering out by reviews ultimately we're going to reduce all of these books here that are definitely not independently published and we're not competing with these type of books and we don't have to just to help you sort of get used to the scanning method here for example this book is the 23rd bestselling in the category that I've selected now when you look at this can you identify immediately what type of book this is who it's for what it's offering and I can't so as soon as I can't recognize what the niche is car seat conversations. I have no idea really what this is. It means it's probably going to be from a publisher that has some backing or some audience. And I can guarantee this is not going to be independently published and it's not. Okay. So again, ideally you want to find the independently published books because it means your average Joe, your average publisher can come in and make an impact on those niches. Okay. So here's a super interesting one. As we're scrolling through this category, we can see this has 98 reviews. Of course, you can be a little bit lenient with your criteria. It doesn't have to be exact. It could be 100, 200 reviews. Ideally, we just want to make the most of our time when we are researching. We want to find these as soon as possible. Time is money and all that right? So, the 12 habits of mentally strong athletes. Okay, so this is going to be for kids, young athletes, of course. So, let's go ahead and see if it's independently published. Let's see how much it's selling for. And then let's see if it's hard enough to how hard it is going how hard it is going to be to create. So, let's come on down. We'll see the BSR. We can see that it's 23,000, which is incredible for a book priced the way that it is priced with not that many reviews. 98 is not that many in the grand scheme of things. It's recently released. So, that means that an independent publishers can break into this niche and do very well if they have a good enough offering. So, [snorts] of course, ideally would use the Helium 10 tool to see if it's been selling since November 23rd, and it probably has. So, what I like to do in my considerations with high content books, and a paperback being sold for, I think this is close to uh $15 is a really great sign because you can sell them as Kindle versions and audiobook versions as well. So, one thing that I like to do is to take the niche that I'm entering into. Again, I don't want people to worry about which keyword should I be using. the emphasis is really moving away from keywords. Now, if you know your audience, if you know what you're offering and you create your title, your subtitle, and your backend keywords with that knowledge in mind, you will absolutely use the right keywords and you will absolutely get found. If you don't make sales that you want, if your ads don't perform the way that you want them to, it's more than likely a problem with the desiraability of the product, which is why I always recommend people accept that x amount of books are going to fail. saying that we still need to give our books the absolute best chance possible. So what I'll be doing in this case now that we've established that independent authors can enter into this I don't know what the niche is habits of young athletes whatever we want to call it now that we know they can make sales in this niche we have to come up with something better or different where it makes sense. Okay, so this is where I'd take the niche idea, take it over to some Chat GBT or Gemini, do some research, find some unique selling points. Can we make a better book cover than this one here? I reckon we can make something a little bit more appealing. Then we create it and then we offer it into the marketplace. So, with such a low BSR on this book here, if it took me a month to create this book, which I suspect it might considering that it is a high content book, would I say that that is going to be worth the time investment considering the current BSRS? And the answer would be yes, because it's making a ton of money basically. So, this method is fantastic for finding niches that still have a ton of juice in them for new publishers and also finding those trending niches that come in, do really well, and then sort of fade out just a little bit, like the monochrome stuff, the bold and easy stuff. It's still very strong to be fair, actually. But that's just an example of how you can get in before anyone else does. So, just an an example to show you how powerful this can be getting in early to these trending niches and using this research method. Just as an example, we created seven bold and easy books when that was sort of at its peak. And we found these books much sooner than when they were released on like YouTube videos and other people were really getting into like um Coco Wire and the bigger publishers were really trying to get into this niche quite hard. We published this as soon as we saw that this trend was taking off because we spent time on Amazon doing the research and finally created seven books and since they were created in um I think it was 2 years ago the the um sort of rush for the bold and easy books we sold 11,555 paid copies as you can see across those books and these are books that cost hardly anything to make at the time. Um very cheap production cost. production time was not as good as it is now, but it was still relatively quick. And ultimately, the payoff has been incredible because we sold a lot of copies, nearly 12,000. And also, we have QR codes in all of those books as well, which is adding new customers to our list every single week. So, it is very powerful stuff here that you can use this research method for. And now that we pair this with AI in 2026, it becomes even more powerful. Of course, the downside is that everyone now has access to this, but it's not something that you should ever let put you off publishing and using these methods. So, that's just a way that you can perform your niche research to get ahead of the competitors. If you are super serious about taking all of this to the next level, or you just want to get involved on the Friday live call, check out chrisraog.com if you're interested in signing up. We offer weekly group calls. We offer offer course content and we have an incredible discord community where you can get feedback from me, other successful sellers and discuss everything publishing related to keep you going and give you the best chance possible of making this work for