Hello. Welcome back to It's New. We got most of us. It's been a while since we've been here. Sorry about that. Holidays and vacations and I don't know, whatever. Um, any event, we're going to we missed a lot, so you could definitely check out the recaps. But Morty, what do you got for us? &gt;&gt; Just when I thought I was out, says publishers, they pulled me right back in. &gt;&gt; Any new? &gt;&gt; Is Google taking control of your post keywords? Take a look. And not much has changed. There's still a lot of ongoing search volatility. All right, Morty, go ahead. [laughter] Nothing new here. Um, so there's been discussion about for a long time about publishers and being able to opt out of um, Google's AI properties. Well, and this is coming along with the UK is making certain recommendations and Google's saying, well, it's kind of complicated from a product point of view to do this. which is interesting because maybe if you designed the product with opting out in mind it wouldn't be as complicated but who knows that's just you know point neither here nor there but they're saying it's really complicated. So just when you thought there was hope publishers maybe there's not also at this um was it the same event or a similar event the same person same person &gt;&gt; same event I think I think same I think it's same person &gt;&gt; Google said Google said also that they don't see um that traffic referrals are going down is just getting more diverse. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; that's interesting. Yes, in that same tweet thread, Google Google, I'm sorry, Glenn Glenn Gabe said, not Google, sorry about that, that he highlighted that they also might in the Gemini app prioritize publishers, linking to publishers, citating publishers that you subscribe to with their subscribe feature. &gt;&gt; Makes sense, &gt;&gt; especially with all personalized, you know, Google AI mode and Google uh Gemini. Um yeah, this came from um the managing director of news and book partnerships at Google in the EU. The thing with this is it always concerns me that you have these people talking and then Google always comes back to me, well they didn't really mean that. They didn't know enough what we're going to do it. I don't know. It is a complicated thing obviously because Google has always said AI mode and AI overviews are part of search and if you exclude them how you going to get them in search. I think they made it more confusing like you said if they would have built it from the ground up that way it would have been easier. Uh but it would be interesting. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But what is really confusing are this Google ads stuff. What's going on there? &gt;&gt; Yes. So we it's not me. Look. Yeah. Another another fail on Google again. Sneakily going into people's accounts. you know, possibly this this might be a test. Only one person has um reported this and that is Franchesco Keardi. I hope I've said that correctly. And um yeah, he he reported about how there was a whole bunch he went to change history and there was a whole bunch of keywords that have been set live. And this is um a tool that in the past Google has had said that they'll use for you know low activity, you know, system um changes. And this usually pauses actually keywords that have not been live, have not received any impression for a long amount of time. So that one is, you know, more understandable. Paused, you know, kind of clean up your account, post keywords that are not actually being effective. But now it's looking like it's setting keywords live and this reported yesterday, which is opposite direction. Not sure people are going to want this. that could really set your, you know, budgets arai and just make, you know, allow you to have mixed spend that you didn't want to. So, yeah, look out for that. Um, I don't think we've got a response from Jenny yet, um, as to &gt;&gt; it's been the holiday weekend, so I did ask her on LinkedIn like what's going on. I haven't heard I'm going to write about this tomorrow and I don't know if you're covering this today at Searcher Land, but it is weird and um I'm sure there's some excuse here. So, we we'll find out. Hopefully Jenny will respond soon and we'll have more information. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Um and then um ongoing search volatility. Yeah, I mean over the weekend actually I put posted on Sunday. It started to heat up again of course uh around Saturday and Sunday and it's super hot even today. So I don't know. It's just weird like this been such a heated January and February and Google has not confirmed any update outside the discover update which is unrelated to any of this volatility we're seeing in these tools. Um some people are saying tools are wrong. I don't know. I I really don't think so, but I don't know. It's just more of the same. And um I guess maybe Google's just not confirming these things going forward. Who knows? &gt;&gt; Also, like I mean I'm curious like I'm sure someone will have a hot take about this, but you know that there's the the discover core update thing. &gt;&gt; How is that really? &gt;&gt; So it used to be like core updates would affect discover, right? &gt;&gt; Right. But this is just a Google discover core update only affecting it looks like again the discover core update was specific to um showing more locally relevant content reducing like the sensational clickbait stuff and also showing more in-depth content timely content and so forth. So two of those overlap. I think the locally stuff is the more significant one because people were complaining over and over again. &gt;&gt; Why is my discover feed filled with content from like this country or that country but I'm not &gt;&gt; now I see yeah now I see like more countries of content in my discover feed. So this is only US right now. Um so depending on where you are but US publish people in the US are going to see mostly just US stuff. So people outside of the US um like publishers outside of the US are going to see less traffic from Google discover until Google recently this is more worldwide and then their local countries are going to actually show more of their local content if that makes sense. So I think they are isolated. Why else would Google say they're not isolated? I don't know. Just like the timing is so coincidental. If you look at the trackers when they announced the thing like &gt;&gt; tin foil hat. &gt;&gt; Anyway, uh hopefully we're back more with more. It's new tomorrow. Everyone, thanks for being here and we'll be back tomorrow. Byebye. See you tomorrow, Greg.