All &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; right, so doing keyword research and finding a book topic has got to be one of the most tedious and misunderstood tasks when it comes to Amazon KDP. We invest a ton of time and money into our books, and we have to be sure that we aren't doomed to fail before we even start. In this video, I'm going to go over the best and most effective method to finding winning book topics on Amazon, so you're set up for success with your next book. Let's get into it. If you haven't been here before, my name is Ken. I built a multiple sixfigure Amazon KDP and Audible business. Now I help others do the same through nononsense Amazon KDP advice. All right, first things first. What is keyword research? So keyword research is when we go and look for a profitable Amazon search term to create and publish a book on. So before we dive in, let's go over some vocabulary just so you do know what I'm talking about when I use these terms. So there's four main things that you're going to hear me say, and that is keyword, search term, book topic, and BSR. So many people think that keyword, search term, and book topic are different things, but they're actually the same. And so they're all going to be basically the book that we will publish. So our book topic is going to be either the keyword, the search term, or the book topic. And I do use these interchangeably. And when it comes to the BSR rank, this is simply the bestseller rank on Amazon. Every single book has a rank from 1 to 5 million plus that determines how much it actually sells in relation to all other books on Amazon. So, going back to these initial three terms, if you were unsure about what I'm talking about, basically, if you're not creating lowc content books, things like coloring books, journals, activity books, and you are creating a proper niche down topic like we're going to be looking for in this video, then all these three terms are going to be the same. The reason being is because Amazon works like this. People type in very specific phrases into the search bar, and those phrases represent clear buyer intent. It represents what they're looking for. And each strong search term is essentially a book topic already being validated by the market. And so because we're going to be looking for a niche down topic, something like cherry yoga for seniors over 60, wild place for women, Mediterranean diet for insulin resistance. When you do create a book intentionally on this topic, you're going to rank anywhere that's relevant, most likely on your main search term, which is the actual book topic that you created. And so when we go through the process, this will make more sense. And so what we're going to be doing today is I'm going to show you exactly how to find a specific profitable book topic to create your book on. And then I'm going to show you the next step when it comes to actually starting to create your book so you can hit the ground running and set yourself up for success. Hey everyone, Ken here. Just a quick interruption. If you are serious about making Amazon KP work this year, I've put together a free insanely valuable resource that's going to cut through the noise and give you a clear path forward. If you click the first link in the description, you can join my 15 days to publishing mastery series. is designed to walk you through the entire publishing process from start to finish while streamlining every step. Inside you get three key things. First is the three-hour master class. This is my full publishing system from start to finish, showing you exactly how I create highle KDP assets that rank and sell in today's landscape. Second is the 15-day email series. This goes alongside the master class to ensure that you have a clear descriptive resource to go back to if you ever get stuck. You'll get one focus lesson per day covering each stage of the publishing process in great detail. Third is the complete PMA resource package. It comes with all the necessary tools, templates, and prompts to streamline your book creation process without sacrificing quality. So, click the first link in the description to get access. It's completely free, insanely valuable, and will make your Amazon KB journey way easier over the next 6 to 12 months. And if you're sick of YouTube videos and you just want to fast track your success, remove guesswork, and get onetoone guidance from people who've already done this, there's also going to be a link to my full mentorship program below. Let's get back to the video. And so, there are three things we need to do this whole process properly. The first one is some sort of private or incognito browser just so our own search results don't skew what we're looking for. We're going to need a spreadsheet to record our potential topics as well as to have the right data and metrics as well as a tool just to see the bestseller rank of the books on Amazon. And so when it comes to actually viewing the bestseller rank of books on Amazon, the tool that I recommend using is Book Beam. I will of course leave a link to it below. But basically, Book Beam is great because it shows you the BSR rank. It shows you the estimated royalty per day. It shows you the sales per day and a bunch of other cool things we can use for keyword research and other parts of the book creation process. But if you are on a limited budget, you can also get DS Amazon quick view. This is just going to show you the BSR rank of books, which is mainly everything that you need. So my simple yet very effective keyword research process to finding winning book topics on Amazon is as follows. We're going to go to Amazon. We're going to go wide. We're going to go deep. We're going to look for potential book topics. There's also a bonus method I'm going to show you. From there, we're going to list those potential topics into our spreadsheet. And then after we've done that, we are then going to go back and validate these topics properly based on the specific over validating hundreds if not thousands of keywords at this point. And I think it's very, very accurate in telling you if a keyword is good or not. So, ignore the metrics on the spreadsheet for now. We're just going to go find some potential topics. But basically, what we're looking for is we want to find books that are very clear. It's very clear what they are on. there's no confusion and you can simply explain the topic to somebody in one sentence because if you can't determine what the book is at a glance, it's probably too broad. We're also going to be looking for beginner friendly topics. These are mainly fitness books, cookbooks, stories books for a specific audience, workbooks, things along those lines. The reason being is because we want the books that we're creating to not take a ton of time and not cost a lot. And a more specific way to look for book topics is we want to find topics that are solving one problem for one person. This is an easy way to know if your topic is niche down or not because in many cases people will wonder what's too broad, what's not, but if it's solving one problem for one specific person, you're probably fine. And we also want to make sure that the books are very clearly matching the search term that we're searching up. And so the search term that you record, is the book actually matching that? So this will more likely come up when we're actually validating the topics. But like I said, because I'm using all these terms interchangeably, keyword, search term, book topic, we want to make sure that they are aligned because when they are aligned, it's telling us that we are niched down enough and the data that we're looking at is actually accurate. So before we dive in in just a second, let's quickly go over what isn't a keyword. So a keyword is not going to be a famous book title. This is something I see a lot when I'm doing my content approvals inside my mentorship program is people will take a topic like atomic habits and put it as a keyword. But this is just the title of a famous book. And although these search terms have tons of traffic, we don't want to publish here. We also don't want to record generic ideas. So things like how to be happy, mindfulness, just simple terms that are too broad. This is too hard to validate and too hard to pinpoint if the data is actually accurate. And so we want to avoid terms like this. So now we're going to dive in right now. We'll look at Amazon, find some potential topics, record them, and then after we've done that, we are then going to go and validate them. So once you're on your incognito browser, you also want to make sure that you do have a US zip code because we do want to do our research in the US site as well as tell Amazon that we are in the US quote unquote just because that's going to be our main market. And so if you've done this before, the process is very similar. We're going to go through all these categories, find some potential topics. Then on top of that, we're also going to click into some of the books to find even more topics. And so I will leave a link to the bestseller categories below. And of course, any other resource will be there as well. So, I'm just going to start to go into these categories here. A lot of people will go into the common ones like craft, hobbies, and home, cookbooks, food, and wine. And although there is potential in here, I would also try some of the more niche down categories, things like history, law, just to see what there's out there because you'd be surprised at what topics you can find here. So, I'm going to go into teens. Let's go into education reference. So, as you can see, I'm just picking very random categories because you never know what's going to be in there. I like to start a few categories in because the broad main categories like teens will often have a lot of the generic bestselling books with thousands of reviews. And so, once you go a bit further into this, you're going to find a bit more niche down topics where we can actually compete in. And so, from here, I'm just going to simply look at the books and determine what topics they are. And so, like I said before, if you can't determine what the topic is at a glance, just keep looking. But right away, I see a few here. So, we have money skills for teens. We have teen girls handbook. So, I'm definitely going to record these. So, money skills for teens, teen girls handbook. I'm going to keep looking. We have ACT prep guide. So, that's definitely a topic. Whatever that is, we can look into it later. So, H ACT prep guide. We have science facts for smart kids. It's falling under that same category as one problem for one person. And so this part of the process is very simple because the categories only have the top 100 books in each. You can rip through them all relatively quickly. And then on top of that, we want to go a bit deeper into Amazon to find the topics that aren't just in the categories. So how we do that is we simply click onto some of the books. In this case, we can go to the Teen Girls Handbook book and then scroll down and look at the other books that are being recommended underneath it. And then we're going to find more potential topics. So we have life skills for teens. There's one there as well. We have short stories for teen girls. Once again, there's another topic. And although short stories for teen girls is technically more of a fiction book, that's perfectly fine because it's still one problem for one person. Somebody searching up this topic will be looking for this exact book. And now, as you can see, the title of this book is literally short stories for teen girls. And so, this is what I mean where the search terms and the book topics are interchangeable because when you are actually looking for a proper niche down topic and you're not creating some broad coloring book, there's going to be clear cohesion. And when you are going to actually validate these topics, you know that the data you're looking at is going to be accurate and you're not just kind of guessing with some broad term. And so from here, I'm just going to basically click on more books. So we can click onto the short stories for teen girls and see what other books are being recommended. We have inspiring stories for boys. There's another topic. And so as you can see, you can basically go as deep as you want to go and find all these topics that we didn't see in the categories initially. Inspiring stories for boys. So, as you can see, I've only been doing this for what, 5 minutes, and we already have a few really good topics. And because we have our initial parameters like niching down and one problem from one person, these are actually all going to be pretty strong contenders. And now, it's just about what the data tells us. So, do this for as long as you want to do it. I recommend going for at least one to 300 potential topics. But you have to remember that most people who attempt to publish books and make money with Amazon KDP are going to do this for maybe a couple hours, a couple days at most. And so the longer you spend and the deeper you go, the more likely you're going to find those hidden gem topics that are very untapped and that most people don't find. And so we can definitely find a topic within a couple days. But if you want to spend a week or two doing this, that's fine, too, because this is the foundation of our business. If we don't have a good topic, no matter how good of a book we create, we're not going to see results. And so don't be afraid to spend some time on this because it's arguably one of the most important parts of the process. And the better topic you find, it will warrant a better result in the end. And so there's one more really good way we can find some potential topics. So if you do have the Bookbeam tool, you can actually go into their research section and use their niche finder. Basically, what we're going to do is set up a few parameters and based on these parameters, Amazon or Book Beam, I guess, will show us all the books that fall under those parameters. And so what I normally do with this is I'm going to change the bestseller rank to 30. Anything from 1 to 30,000. This is going to show me only books that are selling well because they have a low BSR and nothing that's too high. I'm going to change the number of ratings to around 150 because I don't want to find books that have thousands of reviews. That's not really telling me much. I want to find books that have a low number of reviews. Proving that we don't need a ton to sell well. From there, I'm simply going to change the age to around 12 months. The reason I like to do 12 months is because it shows that books have been published recently and it means the topic is still active and still doing well. Finally, I'm also going to change the price to anything over $11. The reason being is I want to rule out all the low content books, coloring books, journals, that sort of thing, and only look for the more medium and high content books. I'm simply going to click find a books and see what comes up. So, I'm just going to scroll through here and see if anything stands out to me. So, we have dog food recipes. So this could be a topic. Easy real food recipes for happier, healthier pups. So you can write down dog food recipes or dog food cookbook. There's also captivating history for curious kids. So history for kids would be a topic for sure. Then after I go through the results, I can also change these parameters around and you're going to get even more results. So increase the reviews to maybe 200. Increase the age. Maybe even increase the BSR rank to about 40,000. And there's going to be tons of potential topics because it's showing you simply books that are selling already. and it kind of bypasses the validation process a bit. So, you know there's going to be potential, you just don't know how good it's going to be or how competitive it's going to be. So, go through Amazon, find some topics, use the niche finder if you have it, create a list of a few hundred or even more if you really want to go deep. And then we can move on to the validation process. And so, when it comes to the keyword validation, proving if these topics are actually good, basically all we want to do is we want to prove that we can sell. We want to prove that we can compete with the books that are there. And most importantly, we have to prove that we actually have the ability to rank on page one underneath this search term. And so now, let's go into the actual validation process, go through the metrics of what we're looking for, and then go and validate some keywords. And so, going through the metrics first, there are four main things that we want to be looking for to prove if a topic is good or not, as well as a bonus one. The bonus being the search volume. So, if you do have the Book Beam tool, you will see the search volume up here. It's taking a bit of time to load right now. Basically, this works great as a bonus metric because if it's a high number, if it's over 3,000, let's say, it means the search results are very good, lots of people searching. And if you pair that with the other metrics and they're all green, they're going to almost validate each other. So, if the metrics are good and there is good search volume, it basically proves that there is demand and people are buying the books that are there. But if this number is low, that's okay, too. The important thing is the other four metrics that we're going to look at. So, the second metric is winning books. These are basically just books that are proving that we can sell with a low amount of reviews. And so these are books that have anywhere from 250 reviews or less and a 30,000 bestseller rank or less. So ideally, we want three or more of these cuz once again, we're just proving that books will sell if they don't have thousands of reviews. And 250 might be a lot, but how I teach people to launch books is you should easily get a 100 plus reviews within the first month or two. And of course, there is efficient ways to do this. But if you have a book that has 100 to 150 reviews and another book has 250, you can easily compete with that book if you have a stronger title and cover. So don't be afraid of this number, but this is a good baseline to look at. And so as you can see, we have a book right here, 89 reviews with a 16,000 BSR rank, making around 200 bucks a day because I do have the Book Beam tool that tells me that this to me is a winning book. We also want to look for dead books. These are basically books that have 30 reviews roughly or more and a BSR rank of 150,000 or more. Just proving that the book is not selling when technically it should be. And so we don't want more than eight of these. So if you scroll down the page, you're going to see books that have 91 reviews, 32 reviews, and they have a high BSR rank showing that they're not making any sales. So the next metric is do the search results match the search term? The reason we want to look at this is because if the search results don't match the search term, it means our topic is too broad and there's no actual evidence that those books ranking underneath that search term are selling because of that search term. Is what we're looking for is a place where people are searching and they're buying the books that are ranking there and we're proving that there's traffic and we're proving that the books are selling. And so technically speaking, if we have a book that now ranks underneath that search term and it ranks high, it has enough reviews, there's no reason why it wouldn't sell because the traffic is already there buying the books that are there. So going into this a bit deeper so you understand it and you understand the importance of it. Let's say we type in the search term diet book. There's going to be a ton of different book topics underneath this term. So we have the anti-inflammatory diet, we have the Mediterranean diet, we have the ketogenic diet. And so although some of these books are selling well, there's no indication that these books are selling because of this search term. They're most likely selling because they rank high underneath their own search term, whether it's keto diet or Mediterranean diet. And of course, they might be pulling some sales from this search term. That's not enough for me. I want it to be specific, and I want to very clearly pinpoint where the traffic is coming from so that we can actually prove that our book will sell well if we get it ranking to a certain place. And so, what I'm going to do is type in the actual book topic, in this case, anti-inflammatory diet cookbook. And now, as you can see, all the books ranking underneath it are matching that search term. And so this is what I meant by the search term, the book topic, the keyword, they're all interchangeable because when you are niche down enough, in 99% of cases, what you type in or what the customer types in will be what the books are about. And as you can see, all these books are about this specific topic. And we're most likely going to title our book with that in it. So the final metric is authority figures. These are books that have 500 reviews or more. And the reason why this metric is important is because if there are too many books with tons of reviews, close to a thousand plus, and they're all taking up the top two rows of the ranking, it's going to be very hard to penetrate into those two rows and get seen by the organic traffic. And so, ideally, our goal is to rank in the top two rows of our desired search term. And if there's too many of these, it's hard to do that. And so, in the case of Money Skills for Teens, we have a few books here that have tons of reviews. This one has almost 700. And if there's too many of these, it's going to be very hard to penetrate because why would somebody buy our new low reviewed book over an established high reviewed book. So now let's actually validate a few keywords together and see what we come back with. So let's go into money skills for teens because we already have it open. I'm going to look for the search volume 41,000. This is very high. Of course, if you don't have Bookbeam, that's fine, too. And so at the time of filming this video, it's just before Christmas. So all these results are going to be very skewed because there's a ton of traffic, you know, buying gifts for Christmas. But probably the best time to do keyword research throughout the entire year is between December 25th and the end of January. The reason being is because that's technically the slowest time for books. And so the topics that are doing well must mean they're very evergreen. And so there is a lot of book topics like cookbooks and diet books that spike at this time of year. Most of the time they still sustain sales over the calendar year. But if the book topic you find is not in those categories, it's just a generic, let's say, stories book for teens or money skills for teens, then it must mean the topic is good because it's still sustaining its sales at a normally dead time of year. So, when it comes to the winning books, we have one here. These are books that have low reviews under 250 and under 30,000 BSR rank. We have one basically only have the one. There is this young adults book here, but I might go and search this up after and see if it's a different topic, but I'm not going to record it for this example. So, I only have one going into dead books. These are books that have 30 reviews or more with 150,000 BSR or more, give or take. And any of these metrics that we're using, they don't have to be perfect. If it has 100,000 BSR, that's fine, too. But maybe keep it to a 25K or 30K buffer when it comes to dead books. But when it comes to winning books, I like to keep it 30,000 or less, 40,000 at the most. But think of it this way, the lower BSR you find in the winning books, the higher demand there is. Because if there's low reviewed books with the 5,000 BSR, 10,000, 1,000, it means the demand is crazy high and tons of people are buying that book, even with a limited amount of reviews. So for dead books, we're going to go one. This one's selling. Okay, I guess this could have been a winning book, so we'll just leave it out for now. So we have one, we have two, we have three, four, five, six, 7. And one thing to note, all this data is only going to be pulled from the first page of the search results. The reason being is because this is the main place that we want our book to rank. And so this is going to very clearly tell us what the information is, what the keyword looks like, what the demand is, what the potential is. And more importantly, it doesn't get too confusing because once you go into page 2, three, four, and five, and you're looking at all these metrics, it gets very overwhelming. So, I think there was five or six dead books. Let's go six. Do search results match the search term? We can go yes. And authority figures. Let's have a look at that one. We have one. Guess we have one. And so now, the biggest thing we're looking for with this, and you're probably wondering what does this mean? What's good, what's bad, is we just want a nice balance. So, as you can see, there's one winning book. There's one book with low reviews selling well. There's six or maybe even more dead books proving that books that should be selling technically aren't. And there's one authority figure. And so, the biggest two things I'm looking at is this ratio here. And so, there's way more proof that books aren't selling than books that are selling. And so, if I go and create a book on this topic, I get 100 reviews. Statistically, it's more likely I won't sell than I will. And because that's what this is telling us right here. And so even though the authority figures are low, I still don't like this ratio. And so on top of that, let's say the topic has five winning books and it has five dead books or four dead books. That looks way better because although there still is books not selling, that's fine. This is normal. There's very clear proof that books are selling. So we either want a nice balance between the winning books and the dead books or everything. Or we want to favor the winning books. If there's more winning books than everything else, that's a really good place to be. And the last thing that's important is of course the authority figures is we don't want more than three or four of these. And so if there's six of these in this case, even though there's lots of winning books, there's lots of authority figures as well, which means there's lots of competition. And so you can still sell in this topic because there is proof of that, which is going to be a bit harder to do so. So let's quickly validate one more keyword and then go into actually selecting our topic and how we can do that effectively. So let's do this one here, life skills for teens. We have the search volume. We have the winning books. We have one. As you can see, I'm actually finding another topic as well. You normally will find a bunch of different topics as you're validating keywords. So, go and record them. In this case, we have everything you need to know before 18. So, because there are two books on this topic, it must mean it is a specific search term and these are different authors completely. So, I'm definitely going to go and look up this after. Sometimes in this case, this traffic can be coming from one main book. So, keep that in mind. So, in this case, we only have one winning book. Once again, in terms of dead books, we have I guess one. It's about three or four. Let's say four. And so, as you can see, based on these metrics, it's a very accurate way of telling if a keyword is good or not. Because right off the bat, if we only have one winning book, even if all the other metrics look good, there's not much proof that books are selling. And so, we want this number to be higher. We want this number to be three or four plus. And then, it's just showing the strong potential. And if you compare this with a balance of everything else, there's a couple dead books, there's a couple authority figures, then we're looking at something pretty good. But what we want to avoid is this skewed ratio, lots of authority figures, lots of dead books, low winning books, and find that even balance. And so go through your spreadsheet, validate basically as much as you'd like. Use this data, and you're going to very clearly tell which ones are the winners. And when it comes to actually deciding which one is the best, write a list under winning keywords of the topics that have the most winning books, the best average between the winning books and the dead books, and the lowest authority figures. And so in this case, if this had two, we have four winning books, four dead books, two authority figures. This is going to be a good topic I'm going to record in the winning keywords. And so when it comes to selecting a topic that we want to publish in, there's a few questions we need to ask ourel. The first one is, what does the book creation look like? How long is it going to take? What's it going to cost? Is this a very large book with hundreds of pages? Or is it a simpler book that has maybe 100 to 150 pages? We also want to ask, is this topic specific enough like we already talked about, we need to determine that the search term matches the book that rank underneath it so there isn't any confusion there and we're not selecting a topic that's too broad. We also want to make sure that it isn't seasonal. So, we can actually use Book Beam to do this. And so, to look at the BSR history of books, I'm basically going to go to a topic. I'm going to go to a winning book. this one here. Let's say under 200 reviews, a good amount of sales. I can go down to the BSR history tool, which will populate on the product page. And so I can look at the history over time. So I normally go all time, as long as the book has been around. And all I'm looking for is that this book has sustained its sales mainly outside of Q4. So as you can see here, this book was launched around July, the beginning of June. Actually, it was slow to start, but then it started to pick up in October. As you can see, basically since October, it sustained itself and then come Q4 it's done even better. But the most important thing is as you can see once it started to sell, it's stayed consistent. Ideally, we can have more data 6 months plus. But this isn't enough to say that this topic is evergreen. However, I normally will do this with multiple books in the topic. Basically, all the winning books just because this book, you never know. This person could be a social media figure. They could have an audience. There's lots of factors that come into play. And so if you look at all the winning books, they all have a consistent BSR rank over the last 6 months plus. It's safe to say the topic is evergreen. And the last thing is we want to look for clear proof that this topic has demand and the traffic just isn't coming from external sources like Tik Tok or social media. That's why we like to look for multiple winning books because if there are three, four, five, six winning books, there's a good chance that those sales are coming from the actual search term itself. But if there's just one winning book and a bunch of dead books, it might be because this traffic is coming from other sources and this author has some sort of an audience. And so the best way to check for this is you can either go and search up the author names, the book topic names on different social media platforms, but more importantly, the multiple winning books is what's going to be the massive tell. So go and find some topics, validate them, pick a winner based on the metrics we looked at, and when you are ready to actually create your book, I will leave a link to a completely free Amazon KDP course below. The video will also be on the screen at the end of this video. This isn't going to be some vague video. It's going to be a multiple hour-long master class walking you through my entire book creation process, start to finish, exactly how I create highquality books that are going to sell for a long period of time. And if you did join the email course and download the resource package, we're actually going to be using that resource package throughout that entire video and using all those prompts and templates to create our book and just streamline the whole process. So give this keyword research method a try. I can promise you with these specific metrics and information, you're going to have a lot better time finding winning book topics that are properly validated before you create your book. And when you are ready to actually create your book, that free course will be linked below. With that out of the way, make sure to subscribe for more nononsense Amazon KP advice. We'll see you in the next one.