Continuing on with my preferred self-publishing tools series here, I I want to be sharing a lot of the tools that I feel are irreplaceable in my toolkit for self-publishing and writing. And this week, we are going to be discussing one of my favorite tools, and that is Publisher Rocket. Is Publisher Rocket the ultimate author tool like I say it is? Well, you're going to be the judge of that. So, you're going to want to make sure you stay tuned to today's podcast. [Music] What's happening? It's Dale here and I'm just tickled to death you took a little bit of time out your day to spend a little bit of time with me to talk about my favorite thing in self-publishing books. Normally, we go ahead and get into a brought to you in part by or sponsor something like that. But I'm actually going to be shilling a product that I absolutely love and publisher rocket and I will share with you why I do that. If you want to skip right to the chase and you're like, you know what, Dale, I just want to go buy a copy or I just want to hear all this stuff, you know, just let's let's put it on Forex. All right, just go over to daleinks.comrocket. If you wanted to skip to the chase and find out all the details, but if you want to play byplay, I'll go ahead and walk you through. This was a great question. Just before I went live here onto this podcast and was recording this, someone said, "Is this a printon-demand platform? Is this a service?" No. Publisher Rocket is actually a tool. And in their words, "Publisher Rocket will help you get your book in front of more Amazon shoppers so you can spend less time marketing and more time writing." Now, let me go ahead and derd that for you. In my words, it's for optimizing your book listings. That's it. It's so that way you can make your book a bit more discoverable, whether it's through Amazon ads or through proper keyword selection or category selection. It covers ebook, print book, and audiobooks on Amazon only. Rumor has it they'll be adding other online retailers, okay? But that's been years in the making. It takes them a long time because they're still having to support and maintain the features that they currently have and rolling out a couple of new features, but rest assured they roll out a little bit at a time. And in fact, not too long ago, they just rolled out the new Audible support feature. So folks, with this type of tool, either a you could go do your keyword and category research and get all your keywords you need to grinding it out on a browser. Yeah, you could probably do it that way. Or maybe you can go get some knockoff product that possibly is getting you the right keywords and you're not really 100% sure. That's fine. But for something like this, it saves time and removes guesswork. Now, is it made for everybody? H I'm going to answer that at the very end of the podcast because you're going to be surprised at what I have to say. So, who exactly made Publisher Rocket? Well, there's a gentleman, his name is Dave Chesson. He is the Kindlepreneur. If you haven't had the opportunity, go check out his website at kindlerpreneur.com. Fantastic. Um, he actually is responsible for probably one of the greatest self-publishing resources today in kindlerpreneur.com. And also, he's launching launched another product for writing called Attekus. and maybe we'll talk about in the coming weeks here. So, what are the features of Publisher Rocket? Well, first of all, it covers three Amazon specific regions. Now, you're probably saying, "Wait, what? What? No, wait, what? Three regions? Why doesn't it do all of them?" Well, it's because what is relevant for Amazon.com doesn't necessarily mean is going to be relevant for Amazon.co.uk UK or say Amazon Australia or Amazon Japan. Each one of them have their own set of relevant keywords. How they're used, the specific context that's used within a specific region. So having these three Amazon specific regions selected makes it easier for you to target and optimize your listings over in US, UK, and Germany, which by the way, it does post the actual app. itself, it has it in English and the German language. So, you've got at least those tools uh set up there for you. If you're a German speaker, you can go ahead and get that German speaker. Good lord, I I'm a master of the English language. All right, let's go ahead and talk about some of the features. And the very first feature I want to discuss is called keyword research. And this right here, keyword search, is probably one of the greatest tools you're going to find. It's great for dialing in your keywords. This includes places like the seven backend keywords. This includes your title and subtitle use. This includes description use. All of that can be found through the keyword search option. Now, when you click on this particular option, it's going to display six different metrics. Now, first of all, you're going to click on it and you're going to end up typing up a word. I'm going to say bear is going to be my thing. I'm going to look up. Don't look into that here, folks. At any rate, uh it's going to display six different metrics. And what we have to do is we click a little magnifying glass button here to fulfill to to see what it actually has. And this includes the competitive score. Now, it's going to rate it on a green, yellow, red basis. Green means good. Red means stop. It's bad. It's probably super competitive. But if you want to go ahead and you're not really good at color coding and such like that, you're like, I don't know about all the colors. It's done on a 0 to 100 scale. Zero meaning there's no competition whatsoever for that particular keyword. 100 meaning it's super competitive. So trying to select that keyword for your book, it's going to be a fist fight to the very end. Now again, they've got the color coding. It makes it a little bit easier. Now, the next metric you're going to take a look at is going to be the estimated Amazon searches per month. Oh, I like to see search volume above a thousand. Let me explain why. Because if you think that there's estimated search volume per month, let's say it says less than 100. Let's just assume it was 99. you you divide that up amongst all those days for search, that's going to be three searches per day for that particular keyword terms. Meaning that there's not many people looking for it. However, if you break it up to say 30 per day, okay, now you've got my attention. Now you have something I could potentially be heard above the noise. So selecting the right keywords is going to put you in front of the right audience hopefully. And that's one of the things that I really focus on competitive score and Amazon's estimated search searches per month. Now, the next one is going to be average monthly earnings. This is merely a proof of concept. Does this keyword bring in additional revenue? Are people searching for it? And are they actually buying the content? Because if I see $2 on here, eh, I don't know. That means there's probably not enough proof of concept. But if I see average monthly earnings at say $1,500 or two grand or three grand or something like that, I'm a little bit more interested. So, you're going to want to also make sure that you're double-checking you're selecting the right keyword based on the books pulled up in the search. Now, we might see a particular keyword and say, "Oo, I like that." So, for instance, let's say Beartown is the keyword I want to go ahead and look up. I click on that particular one and I'm going to click on essentially this little green button that's off to the right hand side. And what it does is it segus seamlessly to the competition analyzer. Another feature that I'm actually going to talk about here pretty soon. So that's pretty neat because now when you type in that keyword, these are the books that pull up. Does your book match those books? That's the step I see a lot of authors skipping through when they're using Publisher Rocket. They're kind of going, "Oh, that's a great profitable keyword. I'm going to use it." But then you look at their book and compare it to the other books and it makes no sense. Sure, it might make sense to you, but it may not make sense to the most people that are going over on Amazon. Uh, all right. Uh, going back over to the keyword features, there's, you know, some miscellaneous type things when you go into the keyword research, including things like the average pages. It has number of competitors on a particular keyword and the average price of a particular given uh, publication in that specific keyword. Uh, all right, moving forward. We already talked a little bit about competition analyzer. Now the competition analyzer is keyword specific and it's title specific. So meaning that we can search up inside the competition analyzer a specific keyword if we want to look up a title. We can even take an as and drop it in there. So we can spy on somebody if we wanted to. But that right there is really really cool. It does display all of the books. It also give relevant metadata which is going to include things like the author name, days since it's been published. So it says age, the ABSR, which is the Amazon bestseller rank. Obviously, the closer that you get to number one, the better life is. And the further away you go from one, uh, the worse off it is. So seeing ABSR below a 100,000, which is about one sale per day is usually what you're going to want to shoot for. Now also it shows the number of pages for a particular u niche here and a keyword. So it gives you a better idea what people can expect and also there's a feature that it says is the keyword in the title. It's a simple yes or no answer. So with that one you're probably going well why is that relevant? The reason it's relevant is that if you've got a keyword in your title it further aids in search engine optimization. Pretty cool, right? Okay, moving further forward, we got also the pricing. All right, so the pricing in this right here, it's going to show it based on each one of these things. It's not averaging it out like the previous page did. And also, this is something you need to make sure you're doing is check it out. Look at a product by clicking on the check it out program and it's going to go ahead and open up a tab for you and you'll be able to get more information about that specific book. So, I really kind of like that feature. Really, really neat. All right. And the next thing is, let's say I've got this particular keyword. It looks good. I'm ready to go ahead and publish some bare books. What about the categories? What are they doing for categories? Well, we can do something called unleash categories. And when I leftclick on that, it's going to show me all the categories associated with all the titles that they're displaying. So, you can actually use this information. So, it's one of the greatest ways to kind of spy on your fellow authors, but it's ethical. It's okay. It's fine because those categories are publicly available. All right, speaking of categories, we're going to go over to the category search. That's the very next item. This categories are always changing on Amazon, folks. I mean, always. They're they're removing some, they're adding some, they're changing the names of some. It's always being changed. And so having this feature really makes life so much easier than trying to grind it out and find it in incognito mode. Uh having categories for your book is super important because it's essentially like placing your book on a digital virtual shelf, if you will. It's putting it onto that bookshelf in the right area with the same books so then customers can discover it. Not many people realize this and I try to just shout this from the mountains. You can select two categories with inside your KDP dashboard and then they automatically give you two to three for your product listing. However, you're allowed to have up to 10 categories per ebook and print book. All you got to do is request for it inside the KDP dashboard. Or if you're not using KDP, you can always go over to Amazon Author Central and do it that way. Now, you can only get three for Audible. You can request that through ACX support email. That's support.com. you'll be able to get all the information that you need to know. Now, um, next thing up is going to be what you're going to do to get these categories pulled up. And it's something as simple as just putting in a keyword of sorts. So, let's say, for instance, I want to type up bear. There we go. We've pulled up some browse path, some categories that are associated with bear here. And now, you're probably saying, what exactly does browse path mean? Well, let me go ahead. I'm going to click check it out. And when I do that, it opens up Amazon's browser. All right? And it brings it over to the Amazon bestseller list. And then it's going to show me all of the books inside this bestseller category. And my first thought is, okay, how does this work? Browse paths, aka categories. The reason why they call them browse paths is because on the left hand side there's a breakdown of category to subcategory to sub subcategory and sub subcategory. Those are called browse paths. So if you look on the lefth hand side on Amazon, you will see that and typically it'll be something like say audible books and originals, children's audio books, animals in nature, animals and then bears is the last portion of that. Now why is this so important? Again, it's trying to find the right placement and ordering the right browse paths. What I typically will try to look at is when it displays the ABSR of number one. So, the sales ranking for the number one spot on that specific category and the daily sales it gets there. Same thing goes, it does it for number 10. So, if you see that there's a little bit of wiggle room, an opportunity for you to slip into a category, this is the perfect tool to go ahead and find that out. Again, you want to hit that check it out feature. make sure that it is relevant to your particular title. Uh there check out the bestseller lists. They're always changing. It's so important. Um so let me go ahead briefly over a couple other little features that you that Publisher Rocket has. So this includes things like uh for instance the tutorials are fantastic. Go into the tutorials. If you find yourself ever lost with Rocket and you're kind of like, I don't know what to do, select the tutorials. It is simple, quick videos that you can go in and consume and be done with it. So, you don't need to be nervous about, oh gosh, you know, am I going to, you know, have the right, you know, stuff here? Yeah, it's going to take it all all out the guesswork out of it for you. And, um, by the way, I will discuss an additional feature, too. if for some reason you still have some reluctance. Uh, also there is the AMS keyword search. Now, you're probably saying if you're new to the business, you probably don't know what AMS is. That actually used to be the name of Amazon marketing services, which was essentially Amazon advertising, which it is today. And Dave says he's essentially keeping it AMS even though Amazon advertising, you know, names himself Amazon advertising. and then you look in some of their, you know, ads or their pages and such and they still call AMS in some certain places. So, um, essentially what you're able to do is it curates keywords, products, author names, and categories and it brings it all down to a spreadsheet that you can go ahead and divide it up and put it into your Amazon advertising campaigns. Highly recommend it. It's probably one of my favorite features because trying to put together keywords through just auto automated targeting campaigns can be costly. It can be time consuming. So, um, yeah, just be very careful about things like that. All right, so you're probably saying, "All right, what's the cost, Dale? What's the deal?" All right, it's $97 lifetime access, but he just said earlier this week that they're getting ready to roll out two new features on Publisher Rocket, and they're going to be increasing the cost. So, if you want to lock in that $97 lifetime access, you're going to want to make sure that you visit my affiliate link over at all the sales there greatly appreciated. Small portion comes back to help support this channel. If you want to be like, "Hey, I don't I don't want to pay this shill." It's fine. Just go over to publisher.com. Have it your way. It doesn't matter to me. It's a fantastic tool either way. I stand by it. So, is Publisher Rocket the ultimate tool when outsiders to the business even love it. All right. I had a friend of mine, Ross Brand, and uh Ross is pretty new to the self-publishing business. Just published his second book. I showed him Publisher Rocket the other day. singed his eyebrows. He's like, "What the heck?" He's like, "This is awesome." A couple hours later, dude is still playing with this Publisher Rocket. He's not even part of this business. There's so much fun to be had in using Publisher Rocket. Not to mention that it's very practical for your business, but do you need Publisher Rocket? No. I know that it sounds contradictory. Do you need it? No. But it does make book marketing so much easier. Yes, you could get it if you have the discretionary expense. No, don't take rent money and put it towards it because it's not going to be life-changing. It's a long game type tool. It's something that's going to help you save a lot of time. If you have multiple books and bringing enough revenue right now to afford it, say yes, get it for sure. And then you can go back through and optimize all of your listings and you'll thank me because you can do it over in US, UK, Germany, which by the way, stick around and stay tuned to this channel because I'm going to be doing a little bit of a case study and uh using those three different features. And hey folks, there's still any reluctance. There's a 30-day money back guarantee. Some reason you're like, "Hey, I don't want to do that. It stinks. It's poop." That's fine. No skin off our back. 30-day money back guarantee. Daleinkx.com/rocket. Hey folks, next week is going to be another episode where I'll be talking about some of the self-publishing and writing tools that I love to lean into and I'm going to talk about my favorite Grammar Checker Pro writing aid. To get advanced access to all podcasts, visit daleinks.comyoutubecast one week before the audio content publishes. Yeah, I give a little bit of a leg up to my subscribers and members over on YouTube at daleinks.comyoutubecast. Till later, this has been Self-Publishing with Dale and I'll chat with you folks next week.